Copyright 2016, Tsuzy LLC. All Rights Reserved.

[[[_1J:Sequel: Ironic, Being]]]

A riff on where it might all be headed.

[[Technology Talk]]

[MadSuzy] Hello, I am Suzy, dressed up as a Mad Scientist, and this is the first and only sequel to TheSuzy.com Show!  Muhahahahaha!!  I've invited my Chief Technical Officer, Susan, to do a tech talk about all the wonderful work we're doing here at TheSuzy.com Show.

[MadSusan] Thanks Suzy.  I wear many hats in my role as CTO at TheSuzy.com Show, but today I'm definitely wearing my growth hat.  I'm overflowing with excitement to remove my cloak and tell everything, and I do mean everything, to everyone, although, I would also like to be the first person to admit that there will always be a few people who simply won't listen to what I have to say because they live within a delusional fantasy world where that annoying afterthought which is sometimes referred to as the real economy doesn't even exist.  God, I love this job!

[MadSuzy] Fantastic!!  And by the way, when I'm dressed up as a mad scientist, it's always safe to call me Mad, Suzy, or MadSuzy, but if you're feeling adventurous, you should call me Mayhememe.  Of course, if you do that, I can longer guarantee your safety, because my true authentic self is a viral meta meme that will cause serious bloggers and crazy trolls to speak with one voice online in order create a self regulating feedback loop that restores balance to society and embodies mayhem itself with respect to problematic transnational corporations!

[MadSusan] Well, partner, it's my job to prepare for the unthinkable, so let's dig into the details of our internal suite of applications that helps people play characters in real life.  Let's start with some definitions.

[MadSuzy] Wait, before you dress up, accessorize, and paint your body with Greek symbols and what not, where did you get all these tips, tricks, and magic mouse traps from?

[MadSusan] I learned how to do this stuff while working as an engineer in Silicon Valley, and the technology industry obviously stole everything it knows from the intelligence community, and the intelligence community was created out of nothing at all, and I do mean nothing, using British mythology, which was a copy of the Roman system, which was inspired by Alexander the Great, who was taught by Aristotle, who was taught by Plato, who was taught by Socrates, and I don't know where Socrates learned this stuff.  I think he just stared really hard at the sun one day and passed out, and when he woke up, he knew everything.

[MadSuzy] I see.  Does that mean you need a background in software engineering to create a character that can ironic, be?

[MadSusan] No, there are many human studies majors who didn't even graduate from college who have used these techniques effectively, and in more than one industry, I might add.

[MadSuzy] So how do we want to do this?

[MadSusan] I was planning to present the same material I teach in the onboarding lecture I deliver to all our new employees here at Mayhememe Industries.  There is no reason why we shouldn't share this wonderful knowledge resource that I created.

[MadSuzy] What is Mayhememe Industries?

[MadSusan] That's the name of your company, mam, or would you prefer for me to call you sir?

[MadSuzy] Oh, yes!  Of course!!  Please continue.

[MadSusan] Playing a character in real life used to be difficult, but TheSuzy.com Show makes it easy.  All you need to do is take a video of yourself performing all the speeches of all the characters in TheSuzy.com Show, and then do it again.  That's it.  You just need to create two videos of yourself reading the text out loud.  You should begin recording at the start of Episode 0/7, read all the way to Episode 6, then start over at Ep 0/7 and do it again.

[MadSuzy] Should I read the Prequel at the outset of my journey, or is it a spoiler that reveals a spectacular lie that the rest of The Show will be based on?

[MadSusan] You should read the Prequel, but if you attempt to perform the Prequel or the Sequel, there is a risk that your head will start to hurt in a way that gradually gets worse and never gets better, and so please, don't try this at home.

That said, the Prequel does reveal an outrageous, secret, and true story that unlocks the deep hidden meaning of TheSuzy.com Show, but no aspect of what occurs in the Prequel will ever disrupt the main purpose of The Show, which is to help people play characters in real life.  We wrote the Prequel in order to automate the arduous task of motivating people to do the work of recording videos of themselves performing the inner subtext, if you will, of The Show, twice.

[MadSuzy] Ok, let me restate these instructions in my own words.  An ideal student, such as myself, will read TheSuzy.com Show from end to end, two times in a row.  If you grew up as a masculine person, like I did, becoming, always becoming, the mysterious character named Auth on the first read through will be easy, because you'll already have a strong vocabulary of traditionally masculine personality traits, kind of like a former semi-pro rugby player who lands in Los Angeles and attends a fitness boot camp in order to make new friends and share a few laughs with complete strangers.

However, many masculine people will struggle to be Suzy in a convincing way because they may not yet poses a deep bench of traditionally feminine personality traits, not unlike like a dorky technology entrepreneur who randomly shows up at a kick boxing class at one of the swankier gyms in Miami.  Vice versa for all of that, if you grew up as a feminine person, with the shared understanding that the whole point of TheSuzy.com Show is that it won't matter anymore if you grew up as a man or a woman by the time you finish your second performance of The Show.

[MadSusan] Yes, but you're not just riding coast to coast via Interstate 80.  You're rolling, floating, and flying from the Empire State, which is like your thumb, to an Island Kingdom, which is like your hand with all five fingers extended, and back again, and now you can't wait to make the trip at least one more time so that you can internalize all the beautiful sights, sounds, and smells that you knew you were missing on the first run through.  Heck, you might even find the time to take a detour and try a new outdoor, winter, mountain sport on your way out and then take second detour to bathe underneath a picture perfect tide fall on your way back.

[MadSuzy] Joining this meme feels like skateboarding down hill to the beach, both ways.  Embody it some more!  And preferably in a way that I've never seen before!!

[MadSusan] The counter culture is not going to be about rock concerts and fans.  It's going to be about a rising tide of party people who use character creation technology to help global corporations reinvent themselves from above, below, and within.  Being crazy in the good way might even become the new sophistication and the most trendy and traditional signal that hiring managers look for in everyone's not so shallow anymore streams of healthy socialization.  Dud, duder, and dudest, Basic Dud.

[MadSuzy] I don't understand.  Where's the coral reef, Chief?

[MadSusan] Haven't you heard?  The captains of industry have no idea how to plug the metastasizing leaks in the hull of the global economic system and turn our big blue spaceship around quickly enough to avoid the rapidly melting iceberg that can be seen just beyond the point where our masthead is ominously casting it's sleek and narrow shadow upon the starboard bow.

[MadSuzy] Should we be proactive and do something, or should we be more humble and just stand here, burning fuel and making the atmosphere hotter, like an idling truck that's waiting for something to change, because, like, we would never just sit here and idle our truck with the radio blasting and the AC set to max flow, and all that for the sole purpose of annoying the neighbors and causing their apartments to become infused with the sweet smell of the exhaust fumes from our truck.  We could never be evil like that!  Our generation is different!!

[MadSusan] I don't know.  I just have a strong suspicion that the captains of industry are afraid to say what they really think about the global economic system, because if they tell the truth about their own companies, then several more of their rockstar employees will jump ship and amplify their competitors' glitzy and glammed out outfits.  All the captains can do is stand firmly upon their psychologically dissociating saddle points and thank whoever and whatever passes for God these days that they live in a time and a place where the best and the finest in a CEO can be mapped and reduced throughout.  Welcome to corporate.  Our brand of truthiness is very stable, l33t, computer generated, and above all, it's a fractal tree.

[MadSuzy] Ha ha ha.  We the people agree that even the most optimistic and socially responsible CEOs, in their most private moments, must be haunted by profoundly cynical thoughts about how their company really makes money and what deals they will have to make with the devil just to survive past the end of the week, never mind next week.  We are, after all, talking about a very exclusive club of people who got to the top of a pile of our generation's all new, radioactive, and profit making gel/technology, not that there's anything wrong with that, per se.  These folks are fierce warriors, and their weapon of choice is the spreadsheet database network strange attractor counter point, and they have good reasons, that are supported by data, for believing that the number seven is lucky.  We all search, every day of the week, for sevens hidden anywhere within any and all aspects of this foxhole.

We might even conclude that it has become the norm for we, the leaders of the free world to become addicted to that psychedelic mode where we come to Silicon Valley and cross dress in secret like it's our first time, and then we shimmy down to Hollywood so that we can convert perception into reality for at least a few more days, all so that we can sneak over to the airport and catch the red eye like old times and sail off into a brilliant sunrise, with the lighthouse at Cape Hatteras receding into the background.  This all too familiar cycle has become business as usual.  We just have to wash, rinse, repeat, and hope for good weather during our celebratory vacation to the Bermuda Triangle.

[MadSusan] On that note, let's take a tour of the text of TheSuzy.com Show, which was inspired, for no reason in particular, by the metaphor of a pirate ship, which is neither a battle ship, a cruise ship, or any other kind of ship for that matter.  It's a pirate ship.  More importantly, the author worked diligently to write The Show in a gender-neutral way, and the net effect we're hoping for is that our show will make the whole world a more gender-agnostic place, like the effect of The Net itself.  That was the goal, and the author might have achieved that goal, like any other good disciple of the philosophy of management by objectives that always has been and probably always will be used in every corner of the technology industry -- although it's too early to know for sure.

Either way, the one historical detail that he just could not tweak out of existence is that Thesuzy.com Show begins in the mind of a traditionally masculine author because he felt the only way to maintain integrity was to write, first and foremost, about his actual life experiences, and this author did indeed grow up as a male who learned to reify lies and write Logo programs (aka. turtle graphics) on Apple II computers in the first grade and then, in the 5th grade, he taught himself to cross dress and write graphical role playing games, using Microsoft Quick Basic.

[MadSuzy] (MASKED) If you liked Microsoft Quick Basic, you're going to love Microsoft Visual Basic 2.0!  VB2 was and always will be the closest thing to virtual water that has ever been created!!

[MadSusan] (MASKED) In my video game, you had to get good at defeating 80 different types of not so little monsters in order to achieve The Singularity within my 1980s style interactive simulation of The Universe, perhaps because deep down inside, I always felt that I was a large, cyan, magenta, and yellow bird who needed to run around the circular arrangement of student desks faster than all the other little birds in order to occupy the biggest chair, which was the only chair that I could fit into, and all that, before the music stopped.

[MadSuzy] Wait, wut?  You just switched voices and started acting like you were the inventor of TheSuzy.com Show.  Are you going crazy, like me?

[MadSusan] I haven't gone crazy, yet.  I just wanted to let people know the reason why the real first episode of TheSuzy.com Show begins with The Prologue, in which The Author's imaginary friend Suzy teaches him to dress up like The Diva, because the author's inner child feels that he needs to have to have The Ship, with The Chair, at The Table, in The Cabin, within The Military, within The Cabal, within The Meme, in order to survive for at least one more week.

[MadSuzy] Ah, good.  Now we're getting back on the winding and narrow path that leads to the top of the mountain.  Our morale is higher than ever as of right. Now.  Onwards and upwards!!

[MadSusan] Yeah, so the Prologue doesn't fit with the rest of The Show, which is a cycle.  The Prologue is what programmers would call The Main Function or entry point for a computer program, and the main function's main job is to call what programmers would call The Main Event Loop.  My main point is that The Epilogue at the end of the 6th episode is not really an ending.  The Epilogue is more like an empty placeholder, and we'll find a symbol/artifact to put there if the main event loop ever stops running, but that's not important, because the main event loop will never stop running.  Right?

[MadSuzy] Amazing!  If what you're saying is true, I just need to read The Show twice, starting from the beginning of Episode 0/7 (aka. the imaginary first episode), and then I will achieve enlightenment.  But wait, there's more!  Ep0/7 tells the story of how a male artificial intelligence researcher imagines a woman named Suzy in his mind.  This male person could be the author of TheSuzy.com Show, or he could be any other human being.  The first thing she or he does is become the woman named Suzy in his or her real life, and so, conversely, if a man or a woman wants to use TheSuzy.com Show as a model for starting a company, he or she can become the male character named Auth, no problem.  And of course, obviously, both women and men can also write any number of different stories and then use their own stories as a model for their companies, projects, and pirate ships instead.  Is that correct?

[MadSusan] (MASKED) Yes, except that I honestly did not invent the story that pervades TheSuzy.com Show.  I discovered it deep within my subconscious, and so, I would predict that most people who have not been living under a rock their whole life are also, like me, already incorporating major aspects of this same story into how they live, and I hope that TheSuzy.com Show will help reveal what is what and how it's all connected so that more people can decide for themselves how they want to live their lives.  From where I stand, this allegorical but unfiltered version of our story seems like the source code of human nature itself, and everyone should feel free to use it, like open source software.

[MadSuzy] Oh, there you go again!  Who. Is. Talking?  I want to fight him or her, right now.  Bring it on!!

[MadSusan] (MASKED) And, most importantly of all, I'm not saying all this in a prideful but also unprocessed, guilty way.  I'm saying all this, because throughout my whole life, while living in America and in Silicon Valley, I feel that I was and still am being constantly pressured, by almost everyone around me, to conform to someone else's version of this same story, and in a way where I keep on being denied the opportunity to fully understand this role that I am expected to play, and I've had to go really far out into left field just to understand this whole story, you know, so that I could write about it, in the form of TheSuzy.com Show, so that other people can learn about the story independently, on their own terms, and in a way that I hope will be easier for them than it was for me.

[MadSuzy] MadSusan, I am your evil overlord professor.  No wait, you are mine.  Let's both be each other's evil overlord professors.

[MadSusan] Good lord, what are you trying to say to me now?  We have to assume the feminine character named Suzy who exists in Auth's mind was inspired by lots of feminine people who he has either met in real life or seen on stages, both physical and virtual, as celebrities.  Suzy is, by definition, a highly composite character, and the rest is history.

[MadSuzy] Ok.  So based on what we learned in the Prequel, Auth's real name is Sue, and in Episode 0 she temporarily goes forward without her former friend who's real name is Susan.  The real Suzy decides to become a man and stand up a character named Auth who has an imaginary friend named Suzy.  In Episode 1, Auth reinvents himself as Norm and then becomes the Robot while having a manic conversation with himself that boils down to diving into the morally questionable water of striving to be sugar infused and get into exclusive parties, and whatnot, be.  Over striving, really.  Do you see why I simply cannot ever tell this story any more clearly?

[MadSusan] Yup, and then in Episode 2, the Robot reconnects with his, or perhaps I should say her, old friend whose real name is Susan and who is now pretending to be Suzy, unless, of course, Suzy is a third actor who is pretending to be Sue pretending to be Suzy, or vice versa, but whatever the case, the two characters whose stage names are now Suzy and the Robot pitch a celebrity investor called the Captain.  The Captain comes on board like a rock being thrown into a stream, and that fateful sequence of events leads to Episode 3 where Suzy and the Robot are now the cofounders of a hyper growth startup that helps people play characters in real life, but they pretend that they're just hosting a series of dinner parties in order to down play the extraordinary amount of power that they're now throwing around without anything but the most rudimentary possible safety net below, and then in Episode 4, 5, and 6 they get trapped in the psychedelic mode, and like I said before, the rest is history.

[MadSuzy] Har, har, har, I'm a super nova star.

[MadSusan] Oh, and one more thing.  I noticed that this character Auth, who reinvents himself as Norm, who reinvents himself as the Robot, and so on, all with the help of his imaginary friend Suzy, like, I noticed this character has a subtle facial injury that happened when he endured a fracture to his right cheekbone while playing hide and seek in college and which, starting then and now still, makes it look like he's raising his lower left eyelid all the time, which is a hard wired, cross cultural symbol of aggression that ensures he will always be seen, in every context on Planet Earth, as the most pure embodiment in the room of the stereotype of the shy, awkward man-child (aka. the dorkiest).

Unless, of course, he becomes famous for creating artifacts that embody the opposite of that stereotype in a way that creates an epic spread between how almost all people intuitively decide to treat him and how powerful people, who are in the know, think he should be treated, and that spread is a lot like, nay rather, it is exactly like, a perpetual motion machine that is conveniently hidden within in a lost city made of gold that even the most powerful people in the world will never find unless she takes them there, personally, once again.

[MadSuzy] We know.  The data set makes it abundantly clear that Auth's injury makes him look like he's hanging back, judging people, and then leaning forward from time to time, in order to appropriate the identity and maybe even some aspects of the cultural heritage of every living soul that seeks to occupy Planet Earth and beyond.

[MadSusan] But here's the really unlikely part: I have a subtle facial injury that is exactly like that.  What are the odds?  It's almost like this shifty Auth, Norm, and Robot character is pretending to have my facial injury in order to justify his, or perhaps I should say her, obsession with starting a company that helps people play characters in real life, so that she or he can hook up with his or her friend Suzy once again and pitch the Captain and throw around a lot of power without anything but the most rudimentary possible safety net below and then get trapped in the vicious cycle of the psychedelic mode, and then, I don't know, maybe become a legendary folk hero who eventually begins the process of recovering from, always recovering from, the psychedelic mode and who goes onto save the world from a near collision with a doomsday scenario that has something to do with the new menace of ubiquitous weaponized drone technology.

[MadSuzy] I was with you right up until you said, "Ubiquitous weaponized drone technology," but now I'm confused.  Are you suggesting that our company that helps people play characters in real life was inspired by your facial injury?  Nobody even notices your facial injury.  Do you seriously believe the sinister and horrifying concept that you and you alone claim is reified by your facial injury is the high order bit of the DNA of our company?  Does this mean we all have to wear eye patches from now on and tell tall tales in return for food?  I, for one, would like to welcome our new partially mechanized Captain!

[MadSusan] I don't now anything for sure, but that's definitely possible.  I've learned to accept I will never be able to prove any of this, but I'm 99% confident my subtle facial injury tweaks out the subconscious of everyone I get to know in real life, and so, if we imagine, briefly, that you are a separate person from me, it's possible my injury tweaked out your subconscious and caused you to write The Show that turned into our company.

[MadSuzy] This all sounds like rock'n roll to me, baby!  Rock, pop, and roll all the way down the hill to the bank and then party with friends at a public park that's situated on top of another hill, where we can share lots of laughs with complete strangers.  I always wanted to play the cymbals in a university marching band, and thanks to you, MadSusan, I am finally getting to experience what it's like to live the dream and become a rock star in real life.

[MadSusan] No.  That's madness.  We should do this like Shakespeare and Galileo and all the other morally questionable folks who made big history during the reign of Queen Elizabeth the 1st.  I know we technically live in the era of Queen Elizabeth the 2nd, who inspired us, back in the day, and for a time, to describe the first version of the chatbot project with the code name, "The Fairy Queen Elizabot 2.0," in honor of that clever and early chatbot called ELIZA that almost passed the Turning Test by asking people questions about themselves and then asking more questions that were based on the key words in the answers given to it by it's users, and so forth, so as to create a never ending cycle of good conversation.

[MadSuzy] I have no idea what we're talking about anymore.  New topic.  Anything is possible now.  Let's indulge our true, authentic, inner child selves and steal a self-driving airplane and learn how to be hearty paratroopers.  We need to help ourselves keep doing what we're already doing, and what we always were doing, but more better this time around, and with more flare too.

[MadSusan] I was thinking of something more down to earth, like taking another run at building The Decentralized Semantic Web and becoming a big time producer of choose your own text adventure games that have an uncanny way of playing out in your real life over and over again, and -- And! -- which, inadvertently, help the next generation of doers and tinkers make a change in the way they live their lives within the big social media apps.

[MadSuzy] That sounds like an optimization problem that has an infinite number of feasible solutions, so we should probably start with an approximation algorithm.

[MadSusan] As much as I would love to unfold our portable magic mirror and draw a picture using only red and blue equations like crazy people who like the way all those equations look on the reflections of their three faces who are staring right back at them from somewhere deep within the panels of the portable magic mirror, like, as much as it would be my pleasure to do all of that with you for a very long time, this conversation is getting way too technical for this sequel of TheSuzy.com Show.  I propose we take this thread offline and pick it up, once again, in the first five minutes of TheSuzy.com Reality Show.

[MadSuzy] Oh my God, I love that trope!  We'll start The Reality Show with a highly technical and mind toasting proof that causes Planet Earth to spontaneously combust into a predictable morass of sublime gray goo.  Consider the problem solved, sorted, and done.  I can't wait to see the result.

[MadSusan] Ok, cool.  Let's get on with it and begin doing the work of rereading TheSuzy.com Show from the beginning.  We need to perform The Show all over again, with two cameras, and with feeling this time!

[MadSuzy] And then, in order to earn some extra credit points, we can do an encore performance of the Prequel and the Sequel as well!

[MadSusan] Eh, I still prefer to accumulate gold stars the old fashioned way, by competing in online computer programming contests where we try and usually fail to pretend that everyone who participates is a winner, but if you think you have what it takes to become an actress, don't let me stop you.  Break a leg, Mayhememe!

[MadSuzy] Oh, no.  I know that I have, in the past, given you positive feedback when you acted like an ambitious, cut throat, bureaucrat, and it's all good if you want to keep striving to be one of the best software engineers in the world, but we also need to make a change in our life and become kinder and more creative, once again.

[MadSusan] You don't say.  If nothing else, that would be better than sugar coating everything all the time.

[MadSuzy] Seriously, I'm not mad anymore.  We're as one.  We're a person who's continuously becoming Suzy, so that we can build a Suzybot that imitates Suzy.
