Copyright 2016, Tsuzy LLC. All Rights Reserved.

[[[_1B:Prequel: Public Service]]]

How it all began, just like it always begins.

[[Fireside Chat]]

[GrowthSusan] (SHADES) Hi, I'm Susan.  We're using our spare time to create a chatbot that will help people get more of what they want in all aspects of their life, and we're going to let people use the chatbot for free.  In order to be transparent about our process, we're filming a fireside chat about the design of the chatbot.

[GrowthSue] (SHADES) Thanks Susan, and, hey everyone, what's up?  I'm Sue, and just so you know more about us, Susan is passionate about data mining and artificial intelligence, I'm passionate about marketing and mass communications, and we're both coders.  Also, we're wearing our growth hats today.  As a safety precaution, let's reboot our growth hats one more time before launching the episode.

(BOTH PARTICIPANTS TAKE OFF AND PUTS ON THEIR SHADES)

[GrowthSusan] Here's an example of how growth hats work.  Our hustle is to be socially liberal technology entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley who play poker on the side, but one day we got curious and asked the obvious question, "What would happen if we switched it up and became socially conservative socialites in Sin City who do creative writing on the side?"

[GrowthSue] Hon, let me tell this story.  Last summer, we went to Sin City and became socially conservative socialites, and we realized we had simply not been taking advantage of a significant opportunity that had been available to us all along to meet party people and invite them to tell us everything about their personal and professional lives.

[GrowthSusan] In the beginning, we had this, in retrospect, stupid idea that party people would think something was incongruent about our new identities if we understood too much about tech and finance, so we created a cheat sheet of concepts that we would pretend to not know about, such as right of first refusal and the principals outlined in the writings of Niccolo Machiavelli, but I kept messing up and revealing I knew about the big ideas on the cheat sheet, and then I noticed -- whenever I messed up -- I would naturally act more crazy in order to stay in character.  And then I would start telling little white lies about how I liked to bake cakes and how I had won all these awards for my cake decoration skills.

[GrowthSue] In other words, Susan discovered pretending to be crazy allowed her to effortlessly hide her socially liberal value system, but that's not important, because we decided it was unethical to pretend to be crazy.  The problem with craziness is it's a cyclical construction.  When we imagined the ground beneath our feet was supported by giant turtles standing one on top of the other, all the down, to infinity, that kept causing the party people to act like nerds all the way up, like drones monitoring each other, each one flying higher than those that came before it, to outer space, and so we set an intention to hold our level of craziness constant, and we back stopped that intention all the way, to the bitter end, come what may, by attending stylish yoga classes, participating in organized religion, and competing in online computer programming contests.

[GrowthSusan] I always felt holding our level of craziness constant became the first core value for the chatbot project, but we never put that value in writing.  I mean, if we wrote down every detail of what constitutes ethical behavior, that could have the inverse effect of tempting future collaborators to step outside of our ethics guidelines and then lie about their actions in order to avoid scrutiny, and we obviously wouldn't want that to happen.

[GrowthSue] Yes, and that relates to why we decided to scrap our original plan of writing books about how to enjoy a better sex life and then monetize by selling all natural sugar water and running ads for corporations who sell fake sugar water.  We realized that life is about more than just having good sex, and so we decided to shift focus to building a chatbot that helps people get more of what they want in all aspects of their life.

[GrowthSusan] It's like, if you throw a stone into a shallow stream, the shape of the stream changes for a few dozen feet, but if you go even one extra mile down stream, there is no way to know whether the stone was thrown or not.

[GrowthSue] Unless the stone is like the butterfly that flaps its wings in Brazil and causes an earth quake in India.

[GrowthSusan] Or the shot of vodka from Russia that causes a peasant uprising in China.

[GrowthSue] That's nonsense.  Throwing a rock into a stream has no effect on the world.  It's a fun, harmless, and ultimately meaningless act.

[GrowthSusan] Unless the rock is more than twice as big, in all three dimensions, as the width of the stream.  Then the stream will be guaranteed to overflow its banks, and there's no telling where the water will go after that.

[GrowthSue] In most cases, it will flow right back into the streambed below.

[GrowthSusan] There are plenty of counter examples to that assertion, and the higher you go into the mountains, the easier it is to find shallow streams that can be diverted by meteor sized rocks.  By diverting streams that combine into diverted rivers, we could be masters of creative destruction who disrupt major cities, who reimagine places that are used for holy worship, and who make the world a better place.

[GrowthSue] Maybe, but why would we want to do that?  What's the point of causing major ripple effects just because we can?

[GrowthSusan] I'm like the person who invented fire.  I don't always cook my food, but when I do, I prefer to cook with an open fire.

[GrowthSue] Ok, so if you're watching a marathon, and the current world champion is suffering and likely to get beaten by a competitor, and the commentator is all, "And now the champion is starting to suffer, and the question is: can the champion force the champion's own self to suffer, or will the torch be passed to a new world champion?"  My question is, do you think the suffering of the champion is funny or is it painful for you, personally, to watch?

[GrowthSusan] It's funny.  The champion made the choice to compete in the race.  The champion can quit anytime the champion wants.

[GrowthSue] But the champion is a human being, and the champion is suffering, even if the race is just for sport.

[GrowthSusan] What's your point?  Why did you ask me that question?

[GrowthSue] No reason, I was just curious.

[GrowthSusan] Cool, so what information does the chatbot need to extract from new users in order to make itself useful?

[GrowthSue] Humans are defined by a set of personality traits that they are known to display within certain contexts.  We need to build a graph database of all the relevant contexts in The Universe, and then we need to use statistical sampling of conversations that people have in those contexts in order to identify the most important traits for each context, and then we need to serve new traits to our users on a silver platter while all the stars in the sky golf clap, quietly, in the background.

[GrowthSusan] Even if we can get good conversation data, which I'm still not sure how to get, since we can't be socially conservative socialites in every relevant context in The Universe, and before The Singularity occurs, but like, even if we started a ridiculously viral social media application that provided us with all the conversation data that our machine learning algorithms could ever make use of, I'm not sure statistical sampling is sufficient for identifying all the important traits.  For example, most people don't talk about how frequently they achieve orgasm, but how can we be sure that's not an important trait in certain contexts such as the home, the office, public restrooms, public parks and beaches, and commercial airplane lavatories?

[GrowthSue] Ha ha ha, the chatbot should know information like that about people, but it would be weird to ask a user about his or her sexual history directly.  We have to infer traits like that.

[GrowthSusan] Why can't the chatbot just ask the user?  Sure, it's weird if a human asks, but as chatbot creators, we can decree what is and is not weird for a chatbot to do.  There is zero risk that the chatbot will find your physical location and murder you in your sleep, so, frankly, it can say anything it wants, and it will never be weird in the way that another human can be weird.

[GrowthSue] No.  Most people aren't that smart.  They'll think the chatbot is a parody of us in the same way that hacker houses are parodies of corporations, especially because we'll theoretically have access to all the information that people share with it, and for what it's worth, I think you're also under estimating the potential for anonymous hackers to become good, through patient practice, at appropriating weaponized drone technology sometime in the ten to twenty years.

[GrowthSusan] Nobody is pressuring anyone to achieve orgasm within the hacker house and/or answer the chatbot's stupid questions.  If users share information with us that they were not comfortable sharing, then they are weird.  The weirdness is not on us or the chatbot.  The users are in charge of the chatbot.

[GrowthSue] Again, people are not that smart.  They'll assume that whatever the chatbot asks is a reasonable request, and they'll go with the flow until something really bad happens, and then they'll blame us, the creators of the chatbot, for everything that isn't quite right about their life and the lives of all their friends, too.

It's like, if you close your eyes while your self driving car is stopped at an intersection, waiting for a self driving train to pass, do you still see an image of a moving train, or do you see a vision of the landscape moving instead?

[GrowthSusan] I don't see a virtual reality simulation when I close my eyes.

[GrowthSue] You don't?  What do you see when you close your eyes?

[GrowthSusan] I normally see slowly moving splotches that have being in different shades of gray, but if it's 5am, and I just woke up from a multi-leveled dream, I see stars of blue, red roses white, or a moon lit night, and a little spaceship on far left of my field of vision who says, "Hey Susan, if you see a virtual reality simulation every time you close your eyes, that might be a important trait about you."

[GrowthSue] Ha ha ha.  Ok.

[GrowthSusan] But to answer your question, it wouldn't make sense to see the landscape moving.  You're hearing the sound of each train car wheel rolling over the same chunk of rail over and over again, but if you're riding the train, you're feeling the rumble of each chunk of rail get rolled over by the same train car wheel over and over again.

[GrowthSue] Sure, but all the train car wheels are exactly the same and all the chunks of rail are exactly the same, so it doesn't matter.

[GrowthSusan] I guess I'm just not smart enough to make an assumption like that.

[GrowthSue] That's ok.  We can still be friends.

[GrowthSusan] We need to come up with a Plan B, just in case the train crashes, due to an irregularity in the construction of the train car wheels that interacts in a compounding way with a second and equally random irregularity in the construction of the chunks of rail.

[GrowthSue] Sure, what did you have in mind?

[GrowthSusan] You could dye your hair blonde and start a video channel where you interview tech entrepreneurs, and I could dress up like a guy and go back to doing purely artificial intelligence research for a while.  Doing the talk show should be easy enough for you, especially after you become a blonde, and then, after you have duped enough people into following you across all the big social media channels, you can interview me, and I'll say I'm trying to build a Suebot that acts like you.

[GrowthSue] Haha, that sounds like an app that dramatically reduces the cost of suing people.  You just put in a list of email addresses, select a reason to sue them from a drop down combo box, pay a one time handling fee of $19.99 that we charge in order to prevent spam requests, and then we handle the details associated with suing all those people for that reason, and we'll monetize by taking a cut of our users' winnings.

[GrowthSusan] I'm going to pretend you didn't just say that.  Also, our names are technically the same, so you can start going by the name Suzy in all aspects of your real life, and I'll become a guy named Sue.  Everyone will think I am going by the name Sue because I started dressing like a guy, and when I appear on your show, I'll say that I'm building a Suzybot that imitates you.

[GrowthSue] Nice.  So, do you want to pivot right now, or were you planning to hang back and judge me, and then lean forward from time to time in order to appropriate my identity and maybe even some aspects of my cultural heritage while I pour my heart and soul into implementing the chatbot?

[GrowthSusan] Well, when you put it that way, I guess I would prefer to pivot immediately.  Like I said before, I'm concerned that we don't have a way to get good conversation data.  If we start a long term project to build a Suzybot that imitates you, we can also, as a side project, start a religion that's based on imitating Suzy in real life, and then we can run a discussion forum for the followers of Suzy's religion, and that forum will be a good source of conversation data that we can use to build a generic, open source chatbot that will help people get more of what they want in all aspects of their life.

[GrowthSue] That sounds good, but the packaging stinks.  First of all, the religion should be about playing characters in real life.  Everyone already does that using the big social media apps as well as all the other online dork festivals that are now super normal.  We need to bootstrap our big idea of calling all that a religion by writing a book that shows people how to use ye olde' English growth cycle to become Suzy in real life, but we'll frame it like the book is just the beginning, and that won't be a lie, because joining Suzy's religion is just the beginning.  I also feel strongly that if we go to all this trouble in order to build a chatbot that helps people enjoy a better sex life, then we should call it Suzybot and keep the source code in house.

[GrowthSusan] That all sounds really smart, and you're sexy when you get excited about a big idea, but I thought we decided life was about more than just getting high on your drug of choice.

[GrowthSue] You know what I meant.  I was riffing.  I like our new direction, and I'm ready to go all in with pure, 100% laser focus.  Are you?

[GrowthSusan] No.  I want to run along the coastline until I physically collapse, and then I'll sleep on it.

[GrowthSue] Was that a joke?

[GrowthSusan] Was it? (SMILES)

[GrowthSue] I've got a hot date that I'm already late for, so let's plan on getting started first thing tomorrow morning.

[GrowthSusan] Sounds good.  Bye.

[GrowthSue] Sweet!  This was a pretty sweet fireside chat.

[GrowthSusan] Yeah, there's no doubt about that. (SMILES)
