Copyright 2016, Tsuzy LLC. All Rights Reserved.

[[[~1:About TheSuzy]]]

Todd Perry is the founder of Tsuzy LLC, and TheSuzy.com Show is a human readable dataset that Todd wrote about the growth that occured in his brain after he started dressing up as a primarily feminine character named Suzy.

Todd previously taught himself to program computer games starting in elementary school, and then, later on, he worked as a software engineer for several technology companies in Silicon Valley.

[[About Tsuzy LLC]]

The ultimate goal of Tsuzy LLC is to create an open source program, code named Suzybot, that's capable of creating its own human readable dataset about the growth of its virtual brain after it starts participating in conversations with humans. We will invite as many people as possible to run their instances of the Suzybot code on their servers so that the many different chatbot instances will have the opportunity to create their own, unique, human readable datasets about themselves.

[[About TheSuzy.com Show]]

TheSuzy Show is divided into seven books.  Each book has a default episode, and this About Page is the default episode of Book 1.

Book 1 has 11 lettered episodes, and these episodes were written in the fashion of an outward moving spiral.  I started writing Ep3 in summer 2013, and then I wrote Ep4, then Ep2 and Ep5, Ep1 and Ep6, and then Ep0/7.  Those seven core episodes were released as the first edition of TheSuzy Show in June 2014. Later that year, I wrote the Prequel and Sequel episodes, and in early 2015, I wrote the both the preface to the second edition and the outline of the characters and key concepts in Book 1.

The other six books only have a default episode, and they were written more haphazardly and linearly in time, but that rather expansive writing process came to close in a suspiciously orderly way at the end of 2015.  I made some additional cosmetic edits in early 2016 while recording video of myself reading all the episodes of TheSuzy Show, but after these official read through videos were released, the text became, essentially, immutable and complete.

In addition, each episode of TheSuzy Show is made up of sections, starting with the default section, and each section contains a list of speeches.  Videos, photos, and code blocks are also included in a way where they can be conceptualized as speeches represented by a non-spoken language, and, indeed, if no speaker is specified for a speech, lines of such text are said to be spoken by the default speaker, and the first line of the default section of each episode is expected to be a summary of the episode, that must be spoken by the default speaker, for the purpose of generating the extended table of contents.

Finally, a parody version of TheSuzy Show is automatically generated by inverting the gender identity of each speaker, including the default speaker.  Suzy becomes mRyzus, the Robot becomes the Robota, the default speaker, who is conceptualized as Tech, the voice of Technology circa 2015, becomes Techbot, and so on.  The text of the parody version of TheSuzy Show remains exactly the same as the serious version, but the way I read the text on video looks and sounds materially different, and this difference is elaborated upon using fully accessible text within objects that are linked to the video objects within the underlying software layer that I call WhatLooks.
