Copyright 2016, Tsuzy LLC. All Rights Reserved.

[[[___1F:Ep3: Intellectual Party]]]

Suzy hosts the first salon, which includes her friends Rogamath, Radtronic, Sue, and Susan as well as the Robot and the Captain.

[[Message from the Captain]]

[Suzy] Hey everyone!  Welcome to third episode of the TheSuzy.com Show.  We'll start with a whimsical selection of photos from a festival, and then we'll savor a mashup of debate and comedy.  For the main course, my friends will join us for a salon on the topic of nourishing the deepest cravings of the soul.

Without further ado, I invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy the flight because...

[Captain] (SHOW THE CAPTAIN IN A COCKPIT) Uh, hey there folks, this is the captain speaking.  Sorry about the delay, we're now fourth in line for take off.  We have a slight tailwind today, and, so we're still expecting an on-time arrival at our destination, which is, uh, this same location but several years into the future.  For today's inflight entertainment we have, uh, selection of photos of, uh, me, uh dressed-up like a blonde, uh, diva.  There's no reason to be alarmed, but just to be on safe side we've turned on the fasten seat belt sign, and we ask that you remain seated for the duration of the inflight entertainment.  Thank's for choosing to fly with us, and uh, we hope you have a pleasant flight.

[[Selection of Photos]]

[Suzy] Ok, Captain...  Whatever you say, Chief of In-flight Entertainment.  So what does that make me, the cheer captain? Cheer (POINTS LEFT) Captain (POINTS RIGHT).  Oh look, here's a picture of me with a cheer squad!

[(PHOTO ep31cheer_squad.jpg, Suzy with a cheerleading squad)]

When I wasn't cheering, I walked around and made new friends who shared my passion for taking photos!

[(PHOTO ep32selfies.jpg, Suzy with people taking selfies)]

I have a story about this photo. While I was wearing this bunny suit and eating this ice cream sandwich, a group of mean people surrounded me and shamed me for eating.  I called them out for invading my space, and then they got in my face and used dirty words and told me I was being a diva.

[(PHOTO ep33icecream.jpg, Suzy eating ice cream)]

I thought about saying, "Don't make me go psycho ex lover on you," (MESSES UP HAIR, SCARY FACE) but I walked away and put on a show with this rainbow umbrella and did photo ops with tons of new fans.

[(PHOTO ep34umbrellacopy.jpg, Suzy with a rainbow umbrella)]

Here's another one of me with my umbrella. I transformed into a pink bunny for this shot.

[(PHOTO ep35pink_bunny.jpg, Suzy dressed as a pink bunny)]

This is my favorite shot because my face is relaxed.  It looks like you're the paparazzi, and I'm so bored that I'm going to throw my bunny ears at you to entertain myself. (THROWS BUNNY EARS AT CAMERA)

[(PHOTO ep36wild.jpg, Suzy caught in a candid moment holding bunny ears)]

This is kind of a booty shot.

[(PHOTO ep37dancingcopy.jpg, Suzy dancing in red hot pants)]

This is definitely a booty shot!!

[(PHOTO ep38from_behind.jpg, Close up of Suzy dancing in red hot pants)]

This filmmaker had a really chill way of holding his camera, so I let him film me for a while.

[(PHOTO ep39famous.jpg, Suzy being followed by a guy with a video camera)]

I got interviewed by Jesus, but he was giving me a hard time about my beard shadow, so I was like, "I love this song!  I have to go dance.  Bye!!"

[(PHOTO ep310interview.jpg, Suzy being interviewed by Jesus)]

This channels the photo where a soldier held an umbrella for The President.

[(PHOTO ep311with_obama.jpg, Suzy posing with a cardboard image of President Obama)]

I love that last photo because it makes me seem like I'm a soldier even though I'm a professorial diva.

[(PHOTO ep312marineobamacopy.jpg, Suzy wearing glasses and making a face at the camera)]

[[Mashup of Debate and Comedy]]

[Suzy] The Robot's here to help me make sense of all this.  It's a humanoid app that reprograms itself in response to culture.  Hi Robot!

[Robot] Hello, I am the Robot.  (ROBOTIC) I'm not an intellectual, but I'm trying really hard to become one.

[Suzy] Thank's for your candor.  Sharing such personal information with us right off the bat must have made you feel vulnerable.

[Robot] Yes, I'm quaking in my boots.  Let's skip the the obligatory small talk and perform the mashup of debate and comedy.

[Suzy] What? (PUTS ON GROWTH HAT)  Hahaha.  Hey Robot!  What do ya know about rocking a pearl necklace, and what do you know about all (TAKES OFF HAT) all the ways the photo with me differs from the photo with the soldier?

[Robot] I rock five pearl necklaces before breakfast, and the president in the photo with you is made of cardboard. You're dressed like a diva, your umbrella is rainbow colored, and it looks like you have a mild case of chronic scrunch face syndrome.

[Suzy] Shut up, I'm not a robot, but what could you do if you stored metadata about how my photo was just like that other channeled photo except I got high heeled shoes, and he's a marine?

[Robot] If lots of people stored their photos along with metadata like that, I could find other people who did a parody of the soldier holding an umbrella for The President, and that dataset would cast a glorious ray of scientific truthiness onto the meaning of your facial expression.

[Suzy] You mean this facial expression? (SASSY SCRUNCH FACE)  That expression is intentionally ambiguous, although you can tell from my posture I was feeling fun and sassy.

[Robot] Sure, but just to play devil's advocate, if the database included photos of other people doing that facial expression, researchers could triangulate the meaning of your expression in this context.  If it turned out you're aggressive, the authorities could have a chat with you before you have a chance to cause trouble.

[Suzy] Robot!  I know you're joking around, but that's not funny.  I noticed you didn't mention The President has a red tie in my photo but he has a blue tie in the marine's photo.

[Robot] That's a pretty random detail to bring up, but there's no harm in noting it, just in case the Illuminati is using photos of The President wearing red and blue ties to communicate secret messages in binary code to autonomous cells within their chain of command.  Are you part of the Illuminati, Suzy?

[Suzy] Robot, stop trolling!!  (ROBOTIC) We're fun, thoughtful people who enjoy culture.  We drop references to Jesus and The President because they're among the most important symbols in Earthling culture.  I brought up the color of The President's tie because competition between red and blue is important: red states vs. blue states, or this school vs. that school, or this group vs. that group, and so on.

[Robot] I'm sorry for trolling.  A red tie means The President wants to be alpha, perhaps to accentuate his dominant nature at the festival.  A blue tie means The President wants to be serious, perhaps to show solidarity between his office and the armed forces of the United States.  If you switched the tie color in either of these photos, your artistic juxtaposition of the two photos would not work as well.  (ROBOTIC) You should get a gold star for attention to detail.

[Suzy] I think you have a bug, Robro.  (SOUTHERN) Tell your bug to bite me again. (DONE)  But yeah, I'm meticulous about how I blend my eye shadows.  It's a ritual that helps me project confidence to the world.

[Robot] I, too, define confidence as knowing it's worth following through on the details.  Great teams don't show confidence by throwing up Hail Marys willy-nilly.  Great teams win by fighting for every inch of the battle-space.

[Suzy] Ok sports fan, would it be cool for the president to wear a rainbow colored tie to official functions?  How hot would it be if the two most powerful people in the world had a summit where they both wore rainbow colored ties to show their support for the international gay rights movement?

[Robot] I would be delighted to learn I'm wrong, but the world isn't ready for that.  It would be like two world leaders switching outfits on stage while doing a sexy dance.  (ROBOTIC) The crowd would go wild when they took off their suit jackets in time with the music, but the silent majority just can't handle it.

[Suzy] Now let me play devil's advocate.  Why is the military not already run by people wearing stylish rainbow scarfs? (SUZY PUTS ON A SCARF)  Espionage and soft power are more important than ever.

[Robot] That scarf be poppin, but institutional inertia ain't stoppin.  Give it a few more years, and I'm sure the military top brass will look more like the people in the front row at fashion week.

[Suzy] In a few years, it'll be all about drones and humanoid robots, but the brave people who give orders to these cold, calculating machines will continue to look a lot like today's military leadership.  I could be a drill sergeant by day and a burlesque dancer by night, but if I wore the uniform, I'd want to leave my wig at home out of respect for the soldiers who gave their lives so I could be myself.

[Robot] George Washington wore a wig, but you, ma'am are no George Washington.  And yet, it's all the rage for the liberal media and their allies in Hollywood and the government to plant seeds in culture so it will become acceptable for The President to wear a rainbow tie whenever she meets with world leaders.

[Suzy] That sounds like 1984 style social engineering!  Silicon Valley engineers should do something to stop the madness!!  Artists have always used symbolism to challenge the unspoken assumptions of society, and a lot of them eventually sell out to monied interests, but it would be wrong if the government tries to influence me using systematic deception.

[Robot] Social engineering is only an overreach of power if you're doing it badly.  If you do it well, people see you as a down to earth, high empathy person who's speaking from the heart about important social issues.  When you speak from the heart, other people will listen and feel empathy for your situation, and then they'll spread the word about your ideas.

[Suzy] You sound sarcastic.  It's almost like everything you say is sarcastic.  Have you tried letting go and saying whatever comes to mind, without worrying what other people will think?

[Robot] Believe it or not, I used to be a painfully shy lil robot who did competitive bible memorization, and while I can still (ROBOTIC) drop scrip with the best of em, I found life is more fun when you go out there, be yourself, and call it like you see it.

[Suzy] Totally!  I wear sexy outfits because it feels good.  My style is one of many reasons why I'm effective at promoting products, but I don't wear sexy outfits for the purpose of selling stuff.  I get so hot and bothered when people can't remember the difference between causation and correlation.  I better drink some coconut water to help myself stay cool.

(SUZY DRINKS COCONUT WATER FROM A JAR) Mmmmm, this coconut water is szooo refreshing...

[Robot] (ROBOTIC) And Robots, they want to have fun. (DONE)  Robots just want to have fun and make new friends and share laughs by the beach about the silly facial expressions their robot dogs make when they try to culturally appropriate strangers.

[Suzy] Ah, but that's exactly what you'd say if you were planting seeds in culture, but...you know what would really turn me on and make me go wild...is if everyone came clean and admitted we're all trollish social engineers now.

[Robot] Suzy, are you ok?  Are you sure there isn't something bothering you?  Nobody's saying you have to own a dog and organize a flash mob to propose marriage to your lover, although, honestly, I would love it if another robot did that for me.  That would be amazing.  It would probably make me cry.

[Suzy] I know, I know people do stuff like that because that's who they truly are.  Most people are being themselves and having fun.  I'm ok, don't worry about me.  Thanks for asking though.

[Robot] Do what you enjoy and you'll radiate positive energy, and everything you've ever wanted will come to you.  I know in my mechanical heart that this is how the universe works.

[Suzy] It's just, I keep having dreams about technology changing culture in fundamental ways we're only beginning to understand.  In one dream, an invisible force held me down by the shoulders and shook me like Satan does (SOUTHERN ACCENT) when they looks at themselves in the mirror. (DONE)  I can't decide if it was a nightmare or a healthy growing pain.  If we can become more aware of how technology is influencing culture, people who use technology for good will have an easier time promoting their ideas, and people who use technology for selfish gain will be exposed.

[Robot] I have dreams like that all the time, but Suzy, I felt like you got way pedantic on me during that fake emotional monologue.  You're like the Milton Keynes of the new economy.  You should appoint yourself cultural advisor to The President.

[[The Salon Begins]]

[Suzy] Thanks (ROLLS EYES), I'll take that as a compliment.  Let's start the salon.  I've invited four of my most wise and growth oriented friends.  Our first guest is Rogamath.  He's a yogi, a world traveller, an author, and an avid supporter of the republic in general.  How's it going Rogamath?  I hear you're working on a new book!

[Rogamath] Hi Suzy, thanks for inviting me.  I like to frame my new book like this: What are the odds I would be born in America and have the chance to get a great education?  Anyone?

[Robot] (ROBOTIC) Wait, I know this.  1 in 200.

[Rogamath] And the odds all of us would have the extraordinary privilege of meeting Suzy and being on her show together?

[Robot] (ROBOTIC) 1 in five hundred and forty six quadrillion.

[Rogamath] But, Suzy, do you know what the odds are, of a child being diagnosed, with a psychological disorder?

[Robot] (ROBOTIC) 6 in 66

[Rogamath] That's right.  6 in 66.  When I learned that, I knew raising awareness wasn't enough, so I took a road trip across America.  I spread the word about psychological disorders, and I was humbled by the generosity and the empathy of the American people, and that's just the beginning.  I built a stochastic model of the human mind.  I practiced new body language (LEFT WINK), and I studied spoken language patterns like saying, "The reason for X is because Y," because those patterns are the foundation for telling stories, and all human striving is pre-gaming, for the main act, of storytelling (POINTS AT SUZY).

[Suzy] Thanks Rogamath.  Our next guest is my BFF Sue.  Don't let her serious personality fool you.  This person knows how to throw a party!

[Sue] Huh huhh huhh huhhh!  I don't know about that.  I'm the community engineer for a consortium of business leaders from Silicon Valley and Europe who're re-imagining the role of the entrepreneur in the global economy.  I also host a weekly potluck dinner for people who want to have candid discussions about the increasingly high leverage role that community curators, community managers, and executive assistants play in the startup ecosystem.

[Suzy] Cool.  Our next guest is my good friend Radtronic, who's a software engineer at a stealth startup called FashionText.  What's up Radtronic!

[Radtronic] Hey Suzy, nothin' much.  I'm amped to be here at your salon with such a high-octane group of influencers and tastemakers.  Our goal at FashionText is to identify repetitive tasks that become bottlenecks for mavens so we can write software that automates and force multiplies the execution of those tasks.  We're still running a concierge minimum viable product for a group of visionary early adopters who run fashion blogs in the super hot space of wearable technology.  The CEO of FashionText has been laying the groundwork for her startup for years, and now we're ready to bring the action.

[Suzy] w00t! w00t!  Give me the word, and I'm gonna scream and shout from the rooftops about FashionText.  Our last guest is Susan, who runs a ten-week, intensive course that teaches people how to start a company using a mobile first strategy.  Hey, Susan, how's business?

[Susan] It's great!  We just graduated a batch of newly minted engineers, and they all got hired immediately.  The next batch starts in a few weeks, and we had more applicants than ever this time.  I teach a mobile first strategy so my students can do class projects based on topics they're passionate about outside of work, like food, travel, fitness, and fashion.  There's a ton of momentum in the fashion blogging space because when aspiring writers get serious about writing for an audience, they often start with a fashion blog.  The other meme I'm seeing is students who write a book while learning to code.  The combination of writing code for a living and writing literature on the side helps them score, the maximum number of cool points, in the hacker house scene.

[Suzy] I love fashion blogs!  That wraps up our introductions, so let's dive in and do this like an improv theater class.  Pretend I'm holding a volleyball.  You can only speak if you're holding the ball.  If you want to speak, make eye contact with the speaker and invite her to pass the ball.  Susan, you're good at facilitating group discussions.  Catch!

[Susan] Yes, and the Robot is adorable.  Can you make one for me?  My students would love to have it do their homework, and I'd love to have it grade their homework.

[Suzy] Hahahaha.  Unfortunately, the Robot can't be cloned, but I'd be happy to loan it to you sometime!  I'll ask it to make an app for sharing The Robot.  Yay for the share economy!  Yay!! (JUMPS UP AND DOWN)

[Robot] I'll get right on that Suzy, but first I need to finish cloning an immortal visionary.  This is my best chance at making a dent in the universe.

[Suzy] Speaking of visionaries, I was having a really good shower last week, and I asked myself, "Would app developers have been self proclaimed messiahs in a different era of history?"

[Sue] Sure.  The best developers frame their apps as well designed artifacts, just as self proclaimed messiahs would have framed their favorite folk literature as artifacts that originated from a higher power.  In both cases, it's implied that the artifacts have a timeless quality that transcends the imperfections of humanity.

[Susan] We need to make a distinction between the design of an app (SHOWS POSTER) and the individual instances of apps that we install on our phones (SHOWS PHONE).  The design of the app (SHOWS POSTER) is like a religious story (SHOWS BOOK), which was written by God and transcribed by humble prophets.  In the same way, app developers say their apps (SHOWS POSTER) were designed by God and transcribed into product specifications by equally humble creatives.

[Rogamath] So, on the one hand, we have a thread about app developers being religious leaders, and on the other hand, we have a thread about distributing multiple instances of an app.  We could weave these threads together by writing a book about a team of social engineers who coach an actress to play a down to earth political outsider who's also a caricature of a famous person, and then the actress could run for president in real life.

[Suzy] Like the Republican party always does?

[Rogamath] No, that's different, but I like your lateral way of thinking.  Along those lines, we could add a parallel storyline in which a labs team at a tech company uses similar techniques to train an actress to play a caricature of an immortal tech visionary, and then they groom her to be the next CEO of the company.

[Sue] That sounds like a great read for a knitting circle that discusses literature, but a CEO needs to be held accountable for the performance of the company.  I can imagine a company hiring an actress to be a PR person for the company who pretends to be an immortal visionary, but it would be irresponsible to give that person decision making power.

[Rogamath] Some people say money makes the world go 'round, but I say love makes the world go 'round, and last time I checked, people who attend knitting circles know a thing or two about love. (MOVES LEGS BACK AND FORTH)  But I hear ya, it would be tricky to write this story in a way that seems realistic.

[Sue] Would it be healthy for an actress to live her life as a character who takes on responsibilities in the real world?  Maybe there are show stopping physiological reasons why nobody does that.

[[Appearance by the President]]

[Rogamath] One upon a time, when I was taking a trip around the world, I pretended to be George Bush for six weeks in a row, and nothing bad happened (LEFT WINK), but when I switched it up and acted like the VP, my heart almost stopped, and that really freaked me out.  Read my lips: the outcome of pretending to be someone else for an extended period of time depends greatly on the person you choose to become.

[Suzy] You never told me you took a trip to around the world.  (SOUTHERN ACCENT) You're playing a little fast and loose with the facts there Rogamath, or should I call you George? But I'm gonna let it slide because you gave me a great idea.  Hey Robot, I'd love to see you pretend to be an immortal tech visionary.  Use this cracked mirror to help you tap into their energy.

[Robot] Why are you speaking in a southern accent?  Are you trying to hypnotize me, once again?

[[Suzy Hypnotizes the Robot]]

[Suzy] (SOUTHERN ACCENT) Just look at yourself in the cracked mirror and imagine that (SLOWER) you're an (EMPH) immortal tech visionary.

[Robot] Wow, I look really human in this mirror.

[Visionary] What?  Say what?  Oh gosh!!!  Not again.  Do you realize people do this to me several times a day?  You're not the first group of intellectual punks to figure out how to summon me.  If you want to live peacefully when you get to Heaven, be an obscure artist.  Those people have the most fun because they have the longest blocks, of uninterrupted time, to spend meditating, in the same room, (GO HIGHER) with God.  Fame and influence is fun on earth, but it leads to a cacophony of discombobulating interruptions in the afterlife.

And one more thing, if my company did start a labs project to train an actor to summon me, the first thing I would do is (EMPH) cancel (DONE) the project and tell people to work on something new.  Wasting time on me would mean the company had become (EMPH) completely myopic. (DONE)  And for God's sake, get a new mirror, because this one is cracked.  Life's too short to go around looking at your world through a lens of shattered glass.

[Robot] Holy smokes!  I was aware of what was happening, but it felt like someone else was speaking.  That (EMPH) would (DONE) be a healthy day job for an actress. (SPEAKS FASTER AND FASTER)  Playing the role of a visionary strengthened neural pathways in my brain that I can now reuse to communicate my ideas (EMPH) and (DONE) emotions with greater precision than I could have prior to importing that dynamic energy.

[Sue] I can relate to that as a person who splits her time between Europe and California.  Everyone in Silicon Valley frames themselves like the usual crew of immortal tech visionaries, and in turn, those visionaries framed themselves as a dozen other compelling characters from KaliForniYa.  Every human being is a melting pot of characters that came before us, but the course of history is defined by people who follow their own path in life while keeping themselves open to a unique mix of outside influences.

[Radtronic] I don't see the point of pretending to be another person.  It's fun to imitate movie characters as a party trick, but I wake up every day and pound a healthy tonic of coconut water and cayenne pepper in order to get my mind fired up to make progress on the goals in my todo list.  Health and fitness tasks always come first.  Engineering tasks are a close second priority.  I don't set goals for developing social skills because that's the ocean in which we swim.  A fish doesn't write, "Go for a swim," in its todo list.  Social skills are like my all natural elixer for life!

[[Improv Segment]]

[Suzy] Radtronic!  I've never seen you imitate a movie character.  Who are your favorite movie characters to imitate?

[Radtronic] I've been known to imitate Achilles when he was attacking the city of Troy.  I also like to imitate a Roman general leading their friends into battle.  Oh, and in the movie, "A Cop's Son."

[Rogamath] I love that movie.  My favorite character is the police chief, you know, the guy who's like, "You're kilo's leaking flecks into your body guard's hash!"

[Radtronic] I loved that guy!  Remember when he was like, "If you dress up just this much, you'll be flying a private plane, jeweled and taking bong hits out to Hong Kong."

[Suzy] Ok you all, it takes a lot more than just fake crying.  But as least I don't need to worry about you making a living as actresses.

[Radtronic] Excuse me?  Cause last time I checked, you never stow my wines anymore when I steal from ships.

[Rogamath] And there's no bender like before when we take all the chips.

[Robot] You're trying hard not to show it, (ROBOTIC) but Suzy, baby, I know it.

[Radtronic] You've lost that love of stealing.

[Rogamath] Oh!!  That love of stealing.

[Robot] (ROBOTIC) You've lost that love of stealing.  Now it's gone. so. wrong.

[Suzy] Whoa, whoa, (PAUSE) whoa!!  Radtronic, even though you don't (EMPH) seriously frame yourself as a character, it seems like you do use singing and movie quotes as tools that help you develop social skills.

[[Stuff Most People Say]]

[Radtronic] Yeagh!  I'm also into high energy dance classes.  I'm terrible at them, and it reminds me what it's like to do something truly unfamiliar.  As an engineer, I spend half my time coding up a storm, and I spend the rest of my time learning new stuff.  It's like using the saw and vs. sharpening the saw.  Dance classes opened my mind to another dimension of sharpness.

[Susan] Get outta here!  I encourage my programming students to take a dance class and watch online videos about noise musicianship.  We also do a meditation exercise, and I motivate it by saying tech visionaries, often encourage engineers, to practice meditation, in order to enhance, (GO HIGHER) their creativity.

I enjoy classroom teaching because it gives me a chance to create: (RAISE HANDS) balance (EMPH) and (DONE) harmony within a group of unique individuals.  Learning materials, such as interactive visualizations on the Internet provide scaffolding for the class, but the substance of teaching and learning has to do with inspiring the students to help (GO HIGHER) each other.

If my style's boring, the students' eyes wander, and they'll compete at making jokes about me, but if I make the materials come alive, the students create interpersonal connections with each other that are (EMPH) based on (DONE) the shared experience of engaging with those learning materials.  But here's what bothers me: I have (EMPH) no idea (DONE) how to do that in a virtual classroom, where everyone joins a (ACT BORED) video chat from home.

[Suzy] You're like an artist, and the non-verbal communication between students in the classroom is your medium!  (SALLY) The stuff people say, it totally builds on what's happening with the non-verbal communication. (DONE)  The project deliverables and the students' performance on the final exam are the tip of the iceberg you and the students shape together. (BATS EYELASHES)

[Radtronic] I always try to get my team to work together in more meaningful ways, but it's like fighting entropy.  Even though we're coding, if we don't make ourselves relatable, we become a Frankenstein team that looks good on paper but fails because we don't work together.  The difference between a cult and a team has to do with the trust and honesty between the stakeholders.  If the leader is brow beating everyone with a shallow set of shared values that everyone pretends to care about, the products and services the team creates will have a shiny surface but a rotten core.

[Susan] Suzy's looking at me like we're out of time and she wants me to have the last word, so I'll give you a homework assignment.  How can we implement a virtual classroom that supports a virtual social context that's every bit as meaningful as what happens in skilled teacher's classroom?

[Suzy] Aww Susan, do we have to do the homework?  Can it be for extra credit instead?

(CONTINEUD) Hahaha! (BARD FACE)  That's all the time we have for today, but in order to wrap up the conversation in style, let's have everyone perform their favorite dance move.  I'll get it started.

(PAN TO STAGE)

[Suzy] gyration with shimmy, Radtronic! You are my neighbor!

[Radtronic] mid chest and shoulder swirl with forearms out, Susan! You take over!

[Susan] head twirl arms with arms out, Rogamath! Knock on the sun!

[Rogamath] chicken wings, Sue! Throw the dice!

[Sue] jumping side to side both arms up, Robot! Walk like a philosopher!

[Robot] walks like a philosopher; I'm going to keep doing this someone tells me to stop.

[Suzy] Ok Robot, you can stop!  Yay!!! (CLAPS)  Now I'm ready to dream.  Good night everyone!
