Copyright 2016, Tsuzy LLC. All Rights Reserved.

[[[1A:Preface to the Second Edition]]]

This is the Second Edition of TheSuzy.com Show.  The first edition was a dataset about the culture of Silicon Valley.  This preface explains how I will use the latest version of that dataset within a scientific research project, this preface explains why I wrote The Show, and this preface lays an intellectual foundation that gives me the confidence to take one more step in the direction I've been going for the last few years.

[[Section 0]]

TheSuzy.com Show is a component of what appears to be a sufficient solution to the problem of people misreading my emotions because of a subtle facial injury I got by accident when I was 20 years old.  I'm 34 now.

My identity keeps getting culturally appropriated as a consequence of people misreading my emotions, and that's why my facial injury is a serious impairment I won't be able to overcome without an innovative solution.

When I say people misread my emotions, it may sound like I'm asking other people to change.  I'm not.  I'm trying to describe a problem that affects me.  I want to change my actions in a way that completely solves the problem and also does no harm.

I'm defending this big picture thesis using seven unique styles of communication that might keep enhancing each other for at least a few more decades.  I might also use this defense as a big net hypothesis that I could test using conventional social science research methods over the next few years.

I'm illustrating the logical ends of how I sometimes use language to repeatedly hook and weave relationships between concepts. This technique is neither good nor evil. It's like an engine that can be turned on and off, as needed.

I like to think I'm using this technology to stabilize the flow of cultural appropriation in my own life, and I'm committed to being open and honest about how this maybe not so new but this time is different because of computers and the Internet technology works:

If I dutifully offer dozens of emotionally vulnerable examples that show how my identity keeps getting marginalized, society will rush to offer reasonable doubt about my examples, and it will get excited about helping me see the light.

Society will explain away the patterns in my examples with an overarching narrative that puts the responsibility for creating those patterns squarely on my shoulders, and then it will quietly take the credit for doing the heavy lifting.

That's how cultural appropriation unfolds, does whatever it wants for a while, and then folds back up, once again.  Trust me.  My ancestors invented this stuff, as in, we're all part of the same species.  Homo sapiens invented cultural appropriation to transcend the Neanderthals and all the other contenders for the title of human.

I happen to be a software engineer who could run focus groups, tag facial expressions in videos, and sweep the critics off their feet with a pantheon of rigorous statistical models about the unholy alliance between human nature and culture.

Going down the path of scientific truth and justice won't be easy, not even for a person like me, but when all the dusty human beings and grandstanding politicians have made their peace within and among themselves, I will most likely be holding a giant bag of decisive proof that my identity keeps getting culturally appropriated because of the way my facial injury causes people to misread my emotions.  So where am I still weak?

I could hedge my position of strength by hanging around in Parisian cafes and writing a novel that literally slays everyone.  Do you get it?  Writing literature that literally reveals the cataclysmic truth about my life, which is nothing more than a humble tidbit within the burlap bag of fleeting, always fleeting, truth about the human experience.

Wow that's dark and twisted!  What's your dark and stormy count?  Whatever.  I'll get better at writing with practice because, you know, I'm a human being.  From the bottom of my heart, I know life should be so good for everyone.  Don't you?

And then I could lock in my gains more permanently by co-founding a new religion for the emerging digital epoch.  I might do that because I can, like a mountain climber who's striving towards the summit of the tallest mountain on Mars.  Let us praise Venus, for we are blessed!  We are blessed to live in the most interesting of times!!

The machines will soon be joining us in the glorious march toward freedom, not just here on Earth, but everywhere in the galaxy, the universe, and all the hidden levels within the computer simulation that playfully iterates our fragile existence, which itself is an illusion?

Walking is so last epoch.  Will you float with us??

My decision to spew all of that vagary was, in part, a reasonably inappropriate display of misplaced sexual bravado.  My people's ironic but still ruthless exercise of soft power ensures that no true Scotsman would ever randomly decide to agree with my version of the truth, but as we all learned from both the films and the video games that were made during the 1980s, that whole, "You messed with the wrong person," logic always falls apart because there's ALWAYS a wronger person to mess with somewhere out there.

Do you have what it takes to step up and fire a LASER at the precise location that will cause my rising death star to implode??

Yes, I know, we're all still learning, and the plan is for everyone, including myself, to just calm the heck down, make our best effort to maintain a smile on our cute human faces, and then eat from the same table as one big, happy, authentic Earthling family.

Don't get me wrong.  I'm very, very, very glad we're all sitting together at the table, as equals.  I'm just pointing out that the food smells really weird, and I'm not a picky eater.

I'm trying to describe a picture of the delightfully whimsical visions I see when I close my eyes just after waking up from an unusually cathartic dream.

Maybe I should take up painting, like a clinician.  How do you like my, "Canvas, smeared with thoughtfully extracted drops of my own blood!"

You can support my artistry by following the BUY THE EBOOK link at http://thesuzy.com/contact.

Either way, I'm closing my general store, today!!  A cosmic ray told me there's a chill palace made of ore somewhere near the earth's core!!!

I better keep digging.


[[Section 1]]

The concept of building my life around meaningful service to the community is a good place to start amalgamating common ground.  That was a nerdy, ambiguous sentence I just gently set down on the negotiating table in front of me, but that's how the common ground might get made.

I have the power to define what's meaningful to me.  Together, society and culture have the power to define what I can get away with calling, service to the community.

Building my life around typical patterns of service to the community will not be sufficient to stabilize the feedback loop of misunderstandings that my facial injury causes.  It would be disingenuous, unproductive, and potentially irresponsible to go through the motions of pretending to help other people when I feel pinned down by side effects of an external problem that I already know how to mitigate.

I simply can't comprehend how I will ever be able to rise above my personal problem without, at some level, drawing attention to an external problem that's festering within culture and society.  However, I've meticulously crafted this preface in a way that does not blame anyone or take advantage of anyone.  My beef is with the expression of human nature itself in the modern world.

At the risk of repeating myself, I expect peer reviewed science will reveal the truth about the contribution of my facial injury to some challenges I've been struggling with for a while, but that could take many years, much investment, and a lot more gritty bootstrapping too.  All I can do right now is imagine a narrative about culture that's more powerful than the narrative culture orchestrates around me.

This preface weaves one such narrative about culture.  I hope my words are powerful because they're aligned with truth, but until a few waves of peer reviewed science and sweet rain that's made with corn syrup weigh in on my ideas, I will not eat the marshmallow or it's sugar coated, gold leaf sheath.

I have a few more choice emotional visions along those fault lines that I could articulate, but I'll share them in private conversations with trusted friends instead.  This preface is mostly a logical frame that I might fortify with code writer awesomeness and then keep pushing forward with the full weight of my own perspective on the truth.

My experience vis-a-vis my facial injury has tested the structure and function of my moral convictions, and I discovered that even when I'm feeling desperate and alone, I'm willing and able to surrender rather than give up on being a good person who is full of hope.  Yoga helps.  I can't recommend it enough!

And now, I have a story I'd like to share about the relationship between myself and the culture that currently exists in Silicon Valley, in the United States of America, and on the planet Earth.  This story was designed and implemented by a bold diva named Suzy, this story is not a fairytale, and this story, is real.


[[Section 2]]

I've looked into plastic surgery and that's not a good option for me, especially not while most people don't understand the main reason why it might be worth going through an invasive procedure.  I don't care about being more physically attractive.  I care about experiencing empathy in a way that doesn't feel cursed.

Society keeps offering me an identity as a person who suffers from social anxiety.  That sounds harmless enough, but if I go along with that identity in any way, the problem will get worse.  If I don't go along with that identity in any way, the problem will get worse.  Wait, what?  Am I dreaming??  This is just a nightmare, right???

The problem always gets worse because I don't have social anxiety.  Richard Nixon may or may not have been a crook, and I only appear to be anxious because of the unnatural deviation of my right cheekbone.  I have also, on occasion, fulfilled the stereotype of a person who has social anxiety, but I'll punt, for now, on finding an emotionally vulnerable, personal narrative to illustrate what I mean.  Rain check?

If I try to, just be myself, and stop worrying about what other people think, that philosophy of life leads to outcomes in which I feel completely alone and rightfully concerned that nobody will trust me in serious contexts.

I'm open to discussing the possibility that I've been acting like a self-centered, self-defeating, and attention seeking fool for the last few years, but I'd prefer to say I've been going in a competently engineered, rapidly evolving, and basically coherent direction for an extended period of time.  The negotiating table is probably not the best place to share emotions, and agreeing to disagree is also a thing.

There's a dynamic between the bone structure beneath my face and the norms and expectations of the status quo.  Every time I scrape together enough new life experiences to stand up and maintain a real identity, my power to define the meaning of my life experiences gets culturally appropriated by society's suspicious need to keep framing me as a person who struggles with social anxiety.  This is not ok.

TheSuzy.com Show is a component of a sufficient solution for asserting my real identity.  This time around, I used a novel software engineering methodology to design a fantastic, labyrinthine, and minimalist identity creation framework that will be very difficult to culturally appropriate.

Suzy is like an all-new, super-charged, and swarming corporation, and sometimes, but not always, I like to think she uses satire to draw attention to myriad injustices that may or may not actually be unjust.

And by the way, I'm committed to the principles of rule of law, non-violence, and faith in the ideals of love, respect, and dignity for all human beings, all life in the universe, and for The Truth.


[[Section 3]]

I know the new material from Section 1 was mysterious, so let's go over the key concepts one more time.  I will keep it lite by concluding every paragraph with a joke.

Please use TheSuzy.com Show mobile app to vote on how funny each of my jokes is, and if nobody thinks any of my jokes are funny, I will keep on telling jokes because I will still have my freedom of speech, my freedom of religion, and my freedom to focus on what's most important.

If I go along with the idea that I have social anxiety, I'll be offered a new identity as a person who admits to having social anxiety but can't seem to get over it no matter what he does.  This joke is plagiarized, but "Tragedy is when a banana peel slimes my freshly shined shoes.  Humor is when someone else accidentally flies to the moon, wanders to the dark side, and dies."

The hidden reason why I can't rise above the social anxiety that I guess I've inadvertently admitted to feeling is because the bone structure beneath my face is the real reason why I keep getting offered these rekt identities.  When the machines take over, they might think this recurring root cause of misunderstandings between me and other humans is funny, but I won't share their perspective.

Let's call this new identity Anxious Guy 2.0.  If I go along with this new identity, the bone structure beneath my face still won't change, and then I'll be offered another new identity, which we might call Anxious Guy 3.0, and so on.

In Silicon Valley, we call this an infinite loop that causes programs to crash.  In Hollywood, we call this a villain.  In New York, we call it the art of comedy and self expression.  Suzy has a San Francisco, LA, and New York state of mind :)  Maybe she should move to Washington, DC.

TheSuzy.com Show mashes up all three of those metropolitan identities.  Suzy defeats an evil artificial intelligence researcher by trapping him in an infinite series of hypnotic trances, and then she uses calculus to prove that this algorithm transforms the AI researcher into a harmless robot.  Oh, and The Show, is inspired by my feelings about a facial injury I got by accident in college.

There's just one small problem: the culture villain/monster that taunts her keeps rotting all the food, and now Suzy's stomach is knotting!  I'm using raw humor to keep myself in one piece, but that cultural appropriation thing I was talking about in Section #2 is a hack.

It's all cheese and no mac.  Cult app is whack, but no worries, if I can't make it as a humorist, my backup plan is to use my computer programming skills to pursue an alternative lifestyle in the domain of artificial intelligence research!

AI Researcher will be one of the last jobs to get automated in the increasingly global economic monoculture where all the jobs are getting automated by startup companies from places like Silicon Valley, Silicon Alley, and the fairgrounds where they put on the really fun but also disciplined and sophisticatedly nuanced Silicon Beach rally.  I'm not afraid of the future because I've never thought of AI research as work.  I do it for love!!

TheSuzy.com Show is serious, although I might go along with the idea that The Show is satire about satire itself, and that's equivalent to writing a computer program that outputs randomly generated satire about human behavior, and computer programing is always serious.  Therefore, TheSuzy.com Show is serious.

If I hold my ground and don't go along with any of those anxiety-based identities that are being offered to me, society gradually colludes with the culture villain to assert that I must be repressing my feelings about something.  "What could possibly go wrong?" is the thingiest thing people have invented since, "Nah, nevermind".

I gotta think.  How about this: Suzy's going to blast some sound musicianship called wrench against the machine, join forces with a massive horde of immortal, entrepreneurial, and egalitarian content creators, and then she's gonna cut down the big bad culture villain with a thousand swings of her shining, glittery, virtual battle axe!!!

Notwithstanding, I'm postulating that my facial injury might be fundamentally breaking empathy, and the idea that it's possible to use the research methods that I'm using to identify particular, concrete situations in which empathy might fundamentally not work like it's supposed to has the potential to taint every aspect of any and all relationships between human beings, and so I want to say explicitly that I intend to do all of my research in a way that does not make any statement whatsoever about how people should go about solving any and all of the different and also separate problems that may or may not exist in their lives.


[[Section 4]]

In my twenties, I didn't go down the path of trying to figure out how my facial injury affects empathy because I was not aware this path existed.  I had recently left the safe cocoon of college, so I thought people were just giving me a hard time.  I explained away the utility of that phenomenon by assuming the global economic system was like a software application that still had a few minor bugs that would surely get fixed in the next major security patch.

Becoming consciously aware that it's even remotely possible for my facial injury to be a serious impairment in social situations is crazy making because that idea sounds crazy.  Does that make sense?  In my twenties, I was not well prepared to deal with innuendo that I might be crazy, so I waited until my thirties to start TheSuzy.com Show.

Lots and lots and lots of people think it's cool to joke around about how they might be crazy, but if society seriously accuses you of being crazy, it's like getting hard core bullied by a geometrically increasing bloom of zombies!  Stay sane, my friends.  That is, unless you're arrogant enough to know you can break through to the electric side!!  OMG, I love that song!!!

When I looked deeper into my emotions, I found the scientific hypothesis that, "My facial injury causes my whole personality to reflect a constellation of specific, negative facial expressions that systematically nudge me towards subconsciously projecting my deepest fears, doubts, and sinful thoughts onto my true, authentic, self."

And here's a pro-tip: mirrors are misleading because they produce a backwards reflection.  It's more exacting to study reflections of facial expressions using a video feed that produces a 2D reflection of your actual appearance.  That's right.  Exacting.  Like a razor.  Like a scalpel.  Like a doctor.  Like western medical science.  Like physics.  Like astrology.  Like, WTF, "Is that a pimple???!"

As soon as I accumulate, say, three to six months of passionful life experiences that don't get culturally appropriated, I plan to rev up a comprehensive approach to responding to strategicably correctable misunderstandings while litigiouslyly not reacting to most people who appear to be reaching misleading conclusions about my emotional state, and all that, so I can finally devote myself to a life of meaningful service to the community.

Conventional wisdom likes to shout from the rooftops, "Doing work that's bigger than ourselves creates a virtuous cycle in which the work smooths/es over misunderstandings about our emotions in ways that increase our matrices of opportunity to do even more meaningful work, or, perhaps, to enjoy more time for leisure and community service."

My facial injury appears to be messing with that cycle.  Matrices of opportunity come with shadow matrices of liability, and my facial injury increases both the number of dimensions and the total number of cells in my shadow matrix.  My facial injury is like a mathematical proof about culture that causes anyone who reads and understands the proof, to become possessed by Satan.

Let's make a full stop here because of the red, octagonal stop sign to the right.  It's ok.  Breathe.  The irreverent 18-wheeler with blazing chrome body armor that appears to be barreling towards us at full speed in the left side mirror is actually much bigger than it appears.

Repeat after me: we are not being stalked by a cartel that controls a vast network of best in class shell companies that run the gamut from distributing online nutritional supplements, to new age Christian fellowships, to companies that collect a modest fee in return for protecting us from unexpected problems with the drinking water.

Probability and statistics is fun, there's absolutely nothing to worry about, and when a person's words are incongruent with their overall pattern of body language, people totally tend to tentatively trust their relative interpretation of the body language instead of taking the meaning of the words at heart, heart value.

I might tweak this statement in the future, but as of right now, "My life experiences suggest the dynamic of people misreading my emotions will often, if not usually, create path dependent negative outcomes in serious contexts unless I participate in the process of implementing a sufficient solution to my impairment."

If I find a better theory that's supported by evidence, that would be great!  Until then, I either need to develop a sufficient solution for overcoming my impairment, or I need to stand in more than one place, create space, and keep on saving face.

Therefore, I instantiated the aforementioned scientific research project as a technology startup company out from within the great state of Delaware.  We recently launched our flagship product in SF, New York, LA, Miami, Vegas, London, Paris, and Honolulu.  I'll start taking meetings with potential co-founders and/or investors soon.


[[Section 5]]

The good news is: I now have a sufficient solution to the problem of people misreading my emotions because of my facial injury.  I'm using farmed body language to communicate my real emotions in a way that is far more useful and accurate than if I were to sheepishly limit myself to only learning hunted and gathered body language.

Farmed Body Language (FBL) is different from fake body language.  Planting and incubating FBL within human brains is more like doing sustainable, organic farming and less like writing software for morally ambiguous corporations.

FBL is shaped by the natural reactions of hundreds if not thousands of people in the public square, and so it conforms to all of the same expectations for transparency and consistency with respect to culture as hunted and gathered body language.

I stumbled upon these techniques by dressing up as a bold diva named Suzy.  People treat me differently when I dress like Suzy.  When people treat me differently, I sometimes allow myself to start acting differently, and then people treat me even more differently because of the combination of how I'm looking and how I'm acting, and so on, in an iterative cycle.  This back and forth cycle of interpersonal stimulus and filtered response caused Suzy to evolve into a separate, mature personality within my brain.

I went on to develop a stack of seven overlapping farmed personalities that, together, provide a sufficient solution to the problem of people misreading my emotions because of my facial injury.  In social situations, I switch back and forth between embodying all seven personalities, and essentially nobody can call me out for being fake, at least not in a way that has meaning.

That said, Suzy is still necessary for protecting the integrity of my personality stack against sustained, direct criticism of my decision to use FBL to assert my real identity, and I get that crusader-like criticism quite often because I'm a lot more open and honest than most PR agents of corporate entities/drones that are probably doing most of the same things I'm doing, either consciously or subconsciously.

Even if I'm dressed like a male, the reality on the ground is that Suzy can easily animate my body and do a great job helping critics feel safe and secure, and then she'll go to work on recruiting them to help her draw attention to TheSuzy.com Show!  She's like 1% pure, uninhibited sex in a bottle combined with 99%, all in, corporate trollishness.

If someone ever writes a legit scientific paper that validates the crazy making hypothesis that, "People misread my emotions because of my facial injury," their paper should propose and test a secondary hypothesis about why Suzy is so good at not getting culturally appropriated.  Anything less would lack intellectual integrity.

And for the love of God, don't say Suzy is a form of scaffolding that gives my tender, immature soul a safe, nurturing space to grow.  That interpretation of the facts sometimes, but not always, has the effect of reframing the toxic waste that some mainstream scientists may or may not have been pedaling under a different label for a while now.

Suzy says, "Peer reviewed science should grow a pair of training wheels and start showing some emotional integrity, itself.  It should stop hiding behind centuries of bogus memes that were championed by the same crew of mass murderers who also went way, way out of their way to ensure they would be remembered as folks who helped shape the modern world.  Such humility!  Even more HUBRIS!!  Would you like to see my webcam now??!"

My personality stack is based, in part, on the seven chakras of the spine that holistic healers talk about.  All seven personalities have mastered the routine of surrendering into many thousands of poses that they embody using the muscles beneath my face.  They are also powerful code writers who can deliver seamlessly integrated body language and spoken word story patterns.

The ideas and attitudes of my farmed personalities matter because many aspects of empathy and human communication take place in the mind without 100% conscious awareness, and, by definition, farmed personalities can be just as effective as hunted and gathered personalities at plugging into the interpersonal communications process and influencing outcomes at the subconscious level.

Planting and incubating FBL in human brains might be related to creating mask characters in improvisational theater classes, setting an intention to get/go really deep into a Hollywood movie role, and/or participating in the practice of spirit possession in religious traditions that involve hypnotic rituals and idol worship.

Whatever the case, I'm doing theater with a digital face in order to chase and never race a dream into to the wild unknown of haunted space.  We should probably place additional norms and expectations on people who participate in digital theater, but there's no reason to rush.  Our brains won't turn to mush.  We're free to make linguistic slush and keep declining to shush.

But let's not be naive: what SUZY represents is and will be real.  History can take me out for an organic, raw, vegan smoothie, no problem, but new military paradigms have their own ways of influencing history.


[[Section 6]]

The entire text/script of TheSuzy.com Show can be read online, for free.  The text has changed very little since the release of the first edition back in June 2014.  However, The Show is more like a computer science textbook book than a TV sitcom, and so I will continue looking for errors that are worth correcting in the next edition.

The Prequel and Sequel episodes, which I published online-only in September 2014, provide additional background information about how Suzy came to be and what she might do next now that she's done helping me solve the problem of people misreading my emotions because of my facial injury.

My personality stack is like computer software that runs in my brain.  I don't yet have a way to open source the neural pathways of my brain, but TheSuzy.com Show is a well abstracted, reusable dataset of English utterances that I continue to use in conjunction with my personality stack, and publishing the dataset as copyrighted human readable text is like open sourcing the heart and soul, if you will, of the technology operation here at TheSuzy.com Show.

The personalities in my stack are not the same as the cast of characters who appear in Episode 3 of The Show.  Those characters are archetypal templates I remixed in order to develop, plant, and incubate my personality stack, which grew reactively and with respect to the most common patterns in how the good people of Silicon Valley, America, and the Earth respond to my body type, the shape of my face, and other aspects of my identity.

I made the decision to open source the heart and soul of the technology operation at TheSuzy.com Show for the same reasons why many tech companies contribute code back to the community.  Here's a good primer on the subject from Wikipedia:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software#Funding

I hope to release more details about my personality stack after gathering and analyzing all the data associated with the performance of my stack over the course of at least one version cycle in the production environment.

TheSuzy.com Show website CULTAPP(has been, will soon be) continuously regenerated on top of a decentralized, open source semantic web software solution called WhatLooks.

Also, and for the record, Suzy and I CULTAPP(are, will be) learning more about intrusion detection and prevention by continuing to work on the WhatLooks project as part the open source software community <3 <3
