Copyright 2016, Tsuzy LLC. All Rights Reserved.

[[[3:The Reality Virtual Show]]]

Some but not all of these episodes were distributed online in the form of unscripted video prior to the release of of this book.  The versions of the episodes that appear in this book are not necessarily the same as the versions that were previously distributed.

[[Episode 0]]

[CMO] Hi, my name is Norman.  I'm popularizing the idea of playing characters in real life.  The reason I play characters is because I have a lot of autistic traits, and I have a facial injury.  The right side of my cheekbone is bashed in a little bit.  I was playing hide and seek in college and this kid's forehead ran into me by accident, and the doctors weren't able to pull it all the way out, so it's slightly sunken down, and my theory is that people view that as a negative facial expression.  And I'm saying that along the lines of a microexpression.

[CTO] So, when I say autistic traits, what I mean is more pauses and more of a flat affect, like this.  When people are like, "Why don't you just be your true authentic self," the simple answer is I actually do this a lot of the time, like, more than half the time.  This would be my true authentic self.  If I get really tired, or if I'm relaxed and enjoying life, I'm gonna be like this.

[CMO] This character, you can see it's on a dial.  I can turn it up more or I can keep it only half volume.  And it still has a lot of the same elements as;

[CTO] My true authentic self, and I'm obviously always going to step over to the right side when I drop all the way into this.

[CMO] But in order to be functional, the best way to put it is that if I don't turn this on and smile all the time, people think I'm throwing shade or mean mugging them for no reason, and it really makes me sad when I can tell people have that perception, and the way this works is you can't tell someone, "Oh I think you misread my emotions, because of my facial injury."  It's like, the only way forward is to turn this on a little bit, and then they're like, "Mmm, maybe I misread his emotions.  He seems like a nice guy."

[CTO] If I do this, religiously, which I would be fine doing, I, wish there was some country I could travel to, or planet perhaps, where nobody saw this in a negative way.

[CMO] And we get into this whole debate about whether people view it negatively.  Everyone's like, "We don't view it negatively!  We think you're great just the way you are!"

[CTO] But that's not my experience.  As much as people say that, I miss out on a lot of opportunities if I stay within this range.

[CMO] I also miss out on opportunities if I speak my truth, which is that if I turn this on, I would call this playing a character.  It feels like I'm breaking out into song for no reason, in the middle of an SAT math test.  It's very contrived, and I don't have a problem with that.  It's similar to speaking a foreign language, and there's a lot of beauty and joy that comes from learning this other culture.  I feel like I'm participating in a different culture by turning on this character.

[CTO] And this is my culture, which is good, and, in some ways I'm stumbling into having a conversation about white male privilege and the atrocities of people who looked like me throughout history, and particularly the last few hundred years of history, and that's part of why this is a difficult conversation and a difficult truth to tell that, like, this is how I am, and I'm not ok with the opportunities I have in life, if I'm committed to being in this mode most of the time.

[CMO] Or more importantly, if I'm committed to never admitting this feels contrived and that this is like speaking a foreign language, or breaking out into song.

[CEO] And I want to bring up my other character, Suzy, who is gonna be standing on the left hand side here.  This is the character I used to build a lot of my social awareness.  When I was younger;

[CTO] In high school, I was more like this, and I got the facial injury when I was 20 years old, and without the injury, I might be a lot more of a typical software engineer who is very comfortable and gets through things by doing a lot of this quiet confidence act where I'm like, "Yeah I don't have anything to prove, I'm enjoying my life and I want to make things better for other people.  That's what I'm committed to doing."  That would be a lot easier for me to pull off if I had this more symmetrical face, but because I have this thing going on; (POINTS AT FACE)

[CMO] That was interesting.  I was turning up the character a little bit when I was in that mode, imagining what I would be like as a person who never had this facial injury, and I do think there's a much wider gray area, and I'm like;

[CTO] Autistic, big pun that I'm wearing a gray shirt and talking about gray area;

[CMO] My brain works that way and that's part of what makes me different, but the facial injury is the higher order bit that's forcing me to make a decision to be like, I'm gonna turn this on, and if you look really carefully;

[CTO] So if I relax into this, there's no action in the facial muscles.

[CMO] And when I turn this on it's really subtle.  I'm gonna turn it on and off several times.  (ACTIVATES SMIZE, DEACTIVATES SMIZE) It's very subtle.  This is microexpression territory, but when I'm out in public, the difference, which it's really founded on, it's queued by doing that thing where I'm razing both of these muscles.  It's very subtle. The more subtlety, the more effective it is because we live in this culture where when a stranger encounters me, they have to believe this is my true authentic self, otherwise, I'm not gonna get that positive response.

(CONDUCTOR) If I try to be like; It's actually kind of hard to imitate a guy whose trying to play a character, but it's like this, "This is a little more like what I was doing in the past, and it seems kinda fake." (DONE)  This is just a more refined version of that, and it's still kind of fake and a lot of people are gonna call me on it, but I can power through those objections because a lot of people are intrigued by this and, in fact, I can play all the angles.  One of the angles is I have a unique appearance. There is this lack of symmetry and people like that, and as long as they get an overall perception that I'm a happy person who gives more than he takes from the world, and when I do the little smile, and I do this thing, it's clearly creating that perception in a majority of people, and I can get a room to come to a consensus that I'm a good person to have around.

[CTO] And as much as people want to tell me the same thing is possible from this, it's not.  It's not even close.  I see this over and over again, if I try to go to any social event, even a professional event that's got a bunch of other engineers, and I stay in this; Like, a music concert or an art show opening or a networking thing that is not just engineers, you can see me turning on a character again.  That speaks a little bit to how natural the character process is.  My whole point is that it's not fake to play a character.  What is fake is to have this culture where we insist on never analyzing the process, because for someone like me it took a tremendous amount of work.

[CEO] I had to create the Suzy character and present myself in this way.  I don't know what it is about this. Ah, this is where we can get very analytical and talk about what exactly am I doing in this character;

[CMO] That's different from this character.  They're very similar.  Clearly this character is built on the;

[CEO] Foundation of playing this character.  There's 80% neural sharing between the two, and it's important to understand that this came first.  This is what I went out and was doing in social environments and people were like, "You're so much fun, let me talk to you for a while."

[CTO] As opposed to this, where I do not get that response.  It's like pulling teeth to keep people in a conversation with me, and I don't get upset at other people.  I'm just stating the fact that when I do this at any kind of social event, it's very difficult to have meaningful conversation with anybody because people are always exiting the conversation, and everyone knows this;

[CMO] The harder you try to keep people in a conversation, the worse it's gonna get.  You have to accept your level of acceptance and hope for the best, and the best when I'm doing this is way better than;

[CTO] When I'm doing this, the best is (BREATH) not very good.  The best I could hope for is an engineering interview where they will hire me to write code for them so they can make money and act like that is a wonderful thing and that I'm contributing to their wonderful thing.

[CMO] But I wanna do wonderful things.  I don't want to be this cog in the machinery that's helping other people do wonderful things, that's not good enough.  That does not get over the bar of dignity and the fundamental respect that all people deserve.

[CTO] And that's a big reason why I'm doing this.  I keep coming back to that phrase.  Dignity and the fundamental respect that all people deserve.  We've got to get real about the discrepancy between the most natural outcomes of the free market and that higher ideal where we appreciate all people for they're humanity, and people can appreciate me even when I'm doing this all the time, and part of why it's difficult for me to go into the world and be like, "Hey this is how I am, and all this other stuff I do is more of a character," that's hard to do because we have a lot of economic injustice, and there's a lot of social injustice that may or may not be related to economic injustice.  That's the bigger mission of why I want to have this conversation.

[CMO] But in order to do that, sure, I can create a video, but in order to function, I have to do this. I can't be a healthy person, I can't grow, and I certainly can't learn from other people unless I do this thing that makes other people a lot more comfortable sharing their ideas and collaborating with me.

[CEO] And the Suzy character is something I want to maintain, but I also don't like the idea of doing this as much out in public anymore even though it's still my strongest suit, like, if I'm struggling in a social situation, I'm gonna do this.

[CMO] Although, the whole thing about privilege; If I'm in a dangerous situation, I actually find a lot of security in this, and that's interesting.

[CEO] There's a lot of places in the world where this character is not going to be as safe;

[CMO] As this character, and I'm like, "What's up with that?"  Why does the world care?  It shouldn't be that way, but the world is a harsh place, and so I have stability in some places like this, but then;

[CEO] Here in the bay area, in almost any social context, I am more stable here, but there's less long term integrity to this because I don't want to do this my whole life.  This isn't nearly as accurate of a reflection of who I am.

[CMO] As this is.  This is a much simpler variation on the underlying masculine.  I have a male body, that I was born in, and I also feel is a fit for who I am.  This is a lot more of a simpler character to play, and that's a good rule of thumb for characters. A character should be as simple as possible, at least, in the context that I'm playing characters.  Maybe one day;

[CTO] There will be this world where I can be like this all the time, and it won't matter at all, and that would be a good thing because even though the bandwidth of my communication is slower, I'm probably more effective at writing code and also writing ideas in prose, but in this emerging format of structured data where you create objects and links, it's a mix between writing and coding (TRAIN HORN) and, my heart is pounding in time with this train that's coming by. It's been happening this whole video, it's a realization that I might release this video.  It's driving me deeper into the frame, and when I say frame, I mean a set of assumptions.

[CMO] And I'm gonna switch up here because I'm trying to communicate this idea.  It's easier for me to keep the flow going when I turn this on, and my heart is pounding even more when I turn this on because a lot of what the character process does is, it integrates these body language traits and the connection to the semantic meaning of that within our culture.  It aligns all that with the entire physiology.  The entire body, including the heart rate.  Who knows what else.  In yoga they talk about energies.  I can feel tingling in my fingers as well.  That stuff is what makes this character better than a fake slap stick character that everyone is gonna respond to like, "Dude just be yourself."

It's harder to do this, and one of the reasons why is because my heart rate is aligned with what I'm doing.  I got a little big with, "My HEART rate is aligned with what I'm doing!"  That stuff is, those are signs the character lacks a certain polish.  This is a very new character.  I only put the pieces of the puzzle together two days ago, although when you hit upon a character pattern that is on the right side cultural appropriation, it develops very quickly.  It goes straight down into the physiology.  You can feel it in your heart rate like, "Oh, I'm doing something that's probably going to keep growing," like a plant that's in good soil, good rain, good sunshine.  It's going to grow.


[[Episode 1]]

[CEO] Hey everyone, and welcome to the first episode of TheSuzy.Com Reality Virtual Show.  Joining me today are my guests, to my right is Norman.

[CMO] Hi, my name is Norman, and thank you for inviting me to join you on the show today, Suzy.

[CEO] And to my left, Norm.

[CTO] Hi, I'm Norm.  I'm like normcore without the core.

[CEO] You practiced that line didn't you?  But the rest of this show is not rehearsed, and I wanna apologize in advance if this show begins a little slowly because I have very little experience doing unscripted video.  The way I'm gonna learn is by doing this show once a week.  I like the idea of doing it on a Sunday in the manner of the Sunday morning political talk shows.  It's inevitable that this will be a very intellectual format.  Why don't you add to that Norman?

[CMO] Yes, this is my first time performing dressed as a woman, even though I identify as a male character.  Suzy is a female, and Norm also identifies as a male character.

[CTO] I don't care about gender.  That might be an important distinction between you and me.

[CEO] Tell me more about that.  I want to get back to your comments, Norman, but tell me more.  What do you mean by that?

[CTO] Well, this is unscripted.  We didn't plan to talk about this.  I'm not going to identify as anything other than the true authentic self of this body.

[CEO] That was another practiced line.  I don't want you to use the practiced lines anymore.  We need to make an almost religious effort to go unscripted, at least for this first handful of videos, so that we understand the format, and then once we get better at it, we can develop some talking points.  Back to you Norman.

[CMO] I don't see anything wrong with Norm using some talking points from the beginning.  It's a good way to make him engaging.

[CTO] Uh, (HANDS OUT WIDE) we're gonna have some status issues in the unscripted format.  That is clear to me right now.  I'm using big body language here to address that.

[CEO] And this is what happened, this was almost 18 months ago, when we started doing video.  I should give you some background.  I started writing a show called TheSuzy.com Show to talk about why I cross dress, and it was an exploratory process.  I wanted to get to the bottom of why I did this.  I just started going out for fun, and I found that people treated me differently, and I wanted to understand more about what that all meant.

[CMO] People treated you in a way that was really enjoyable for you.  More importantly, you were able to learn more about culture and other people.  You were able to practice empathy more effectively than you ever could without dressing up, and that's the essential question we need to get to the bottom of.

[CEO] That phrase, get to the bottom of.  Why do we use that phrase?  I'm sensitive about this.  We talked about this before the show.

[CTO] What do you mean by you're sensitive?  This seems like a status play to me.  I don't want you to do this thing where you go lower status than us as a way to assert your leadership.  You need to lead directly if you're gonna be the leader, Suzy.

[CEO] Thank you for your candor, and I agree, this is my show to lead.  I stand in the center, and I do the introductions.  We have a plan, long term, that Norman is going to take over and dress as a male, but for the next six months, I wanna do the show where I'm the leader.  And when I say take over;

[CMO] The idea that we've discussed. Our discussions in private are very interesting.  There's a part of me that wishes we had it all on video, although that would not be appropriate.  We all need privacy, and when the three of us start talking about what we want to do with the rest of our life, everything is on the table, and privacy is important, both to respect ourselves and to respect other people and information that we have about other people that is not ours to share, and;

[CTO] Cultural appropriation, is the real issue.  The opportunity of playing multiple characters is; (PAUSE)

[CEO] Let me jump in.  I don't like you to do these long pauses.  In our private conversation we talked about whether a long pause represents a problem, and what we came to is that Norm represents our true authentic self, so he's gonna have some thoughts that are not always appropriate to share in public.  One of the advantages of playing a character like Suzy or Norman is there's a built in filter.  We don't know how this stuff works.

[CMO] But we imagine.  I'm the newest character, so it's fresher for me to talk about this.  We theorize there's a pattern of neural growth in the mind, and that pattern queues up all the body language we're doing.  And built on top of that body language are conceptual patterns, multiple word phrases that combine into;

[CEO] An idiom.  And then idioms combine into stories.  Call them story patterns.

[CTO] Yeah, so I'm more likely to have pauses than them, and those pauses often reflect the way my mind works, naturally, but the pauses, on occasion; Thoughts that are on the wrong side of cultural appropriation, where I have a frustration about my life that I have dealt with by identifying with the experience of people whose lives are different from me.  This is the way people deal with adversity, we compare our story with others, and we don't always do that in fair way.

[CEO] Inside our own mind, we all have a responsibility to push ourselves to compare our lives to others in a fair way, when we speak in public, which is what we're doing in this video, in the most formal way.  This is a public video that's on the record.  It's hard to say I didn't make this video.  Writing is a little bit more vague, but a video;

[CMO] A video is the ultimate stamp of authenticity in this era.  It would be interested to see what we could do to frame ourselves as saying something we didn't say.  I would like to learn how to do that in the manner of computer hackers learning how to infiltrate systems so they can protect their computer against those attack vectors.

[CEO] Yeah, we're getting onto the military stuff.  We want to speak about the future of military technology.  That's something Norman is very interested in; it's also an interest of Norm.  I question whether it was ever an interest of mine.  I talk about it with them because they bring it up.

[CTO] At the risk of just dropping the previous topic, we should go ahead and talk about the military.  It's a meaningful transition from the discussion about cultural appropriation in private and in public.

[CEO] I had a dream last night, it involved a white male speaking in a certain accent that I'm not going to imitate.  This is one of those things I want to keep private.  It was in my dream and the way I'm phrasing this, I don't think anyone would ever guess what I'm getting at here.

[CMO] And that's fine.  It can become a point of discussion.  We want, long term, to have people add substantive feedback to the ideas we talk about, and I hope, in some cases, that feedback will be in the form of unscripted video which can refer to;

[CEO] Current news stories as a way of time stamping when the video was created.  But back to the dream, since you're the root of the body, why don't you tell this?

[CTO] The guy speaking in an unnamed accent was carrying a Greek column.  It had stone mason aspects to it, and we concluded that, why don't you deliver the punch line?

[CEO] I forget what it is. Norman?

[CMO] I don't remember either.  Let me see, it's the idea that;

[CEO] We're blocking.  What are we gonna do?  This is the fear of unscripted video is that some of the most important ideas we want to share will vanish, and this might be an essential feature of how the mind works.  There is a reason, and we're gonna remember, and as soon as we do we're gonna get back to it.

[CTO] This point about how the mind works, when I go to a social event, and I have that thing happen where there's a profound thought I've spent a lot of time thinking about and because it's so central, all of the stuff I've thought about is very decentralized around it, and so those thoughts are firing as neurons and I can't bring it back to the central thought, certainly not without a long pause.

[CEO] And we're making a big effort not to have an awkward 30 second pause here in the video, although we have been thinking about taking breaks at least every 20 minutes and doing no more than an hour long episode, so that could be an opportunity to go back and figure out what the point was about the dream with the stone mason carrying the column.

[CMO] So we're calling the person a stonemason now?  That's a code for what it really is.

[CEO] Fair enough.  That's the nature of dreams.  They apply labels to things that protect us from the underlying meaning.  That might be a way to think about what these characters do. They provide meaningful facades that don't involve anything untrue, but it allows us to talk about things in a way that ensures we'll always be on the right side of cultural appropriation.

[CTO] Why did you turn to me.  I have nothing to say at this moment.  I gonna pause and try to remember the thought.

[CEO] It's not.  We're pretty far away from it.  The point we wanted to make is that I am much better at absorbing these pauses and then changing the subject quickly without seeming too out of character, if you will.  I can change subjects and talk about; I can even talk about the weather.  I'm not that good of a conversationalist, but the visuals that I have make it easier for me to convince other people that I have a story to tell and that I'm interested in listening to their story.  I just sit there and it seems that people feel I'm interested in their story.

[CMO] One of the experiments we haven't done; This will be another thing we can do with the unscripted format is talk about some of the social experiences we have throughout the week.  So I have not been out in public dressed this way, but using this character pattern.  This is more or less how I act around people.  It takes a little more effort to do this character if I get tired or if I'm among close friends and I feel very relaxed and I'm not having my status challenged constantly;

[CTO] I will drop into this character.  It's not that I care about having my status challenged.  I'll sit there and let people do the thing where their like, "Oh no worries, it's ok, just calm down, it's a party."  You can say stuff like that to me and I'll just sit there and allow you to say it.  I won't contradict you, I won't challenge you, but if it becomes a pattern and if it goes on and on and people are starting to avoid being seen next to me because everyone is treating me that way.

[CEO] That's where this pattern become helpful, I can enter a conversation and keep the flow going, and add value, so people will stay in the conversation, so I won't have to be standing alone.

[CTO] Because let's be very clear, if I don't join conversations, I will be standing alone, and the longer I stand alone, the fewer people there are.

[CEO] It's ironic hearing you guys say that when you're dressed this way because one of the main advantages of going out like this is that if I'm standing alone, people come to me.  I can stand there like this, and people will just come up and talk to me so I don't ever have to join conversations.  It's almost a rule.  If I'm out of people to talk to, I just stand in the corner and people come to me, and then I play off of their interest in me, and I can usually get that going like a storm that lasts for the whole party, where everyone will see me as the center of attention.  I;

[CMO] We don't want to overstate that, even if it's true, this is one of the things I have learned, more than Suzy, so when Suzy's in the moment she is sometimes the center of attention, and she knows to downplay it, and try to give some of that attention to others.  What I often do is talk way too long about Suzy's adventures;

[CEO] And I'm going to save you from yourself by taking back over the mike.  I want to revisit this dream that we had.  What I'll do is go back one step.  We had a dream before that, also last night, about being a nerd in our college years.  I would even say teenage years.  The dream was a little ambiguous whether it was high school or college, and there was a party, and I vividly said to someone I don't want to join the party because I want to have an intellectual discussion with a couple friends, and;

[CTO] So, the point of dreams, in most cases, for us, is to let go of ideas that no longer serve us like we do in yoga class.  This dream was letting go of the idea that I wanted to join that intellectual discussion.  The reality is I didn't want to go get treated badly and stand alone in the corner with the normal people, so I told the lie, it was a lie, that I preferred the intellectual discussion.  That was a full on lie that I told many times, and I didn't realize how deeply rooted that lie was for me until I had this dream and released the energy associated with that.

[CEO] Aren't you very new age. Talking about energies and letting go of ideas that no longer serve us.  I agree completely, and one of the advantages of playing this character is that I forget that I ever told that lie.  I don't have to tell that lie when I dress like this and go to parties.  I really do very well in social environments here in Silicon Valley, and yet, deeply rooted in my subconscious was that belief.

[CMO] And this is especially powerful for me because the reality is, when we go to parties, I have to do the talking, because if Norm does the talking we will be standing alone in the corner, and we can just stand alone for the entire party and then go home at the end, but in order to talk to people I have to get in the game, and for me to do that effectively I have to let go of that attachment.

[CEO] There's a little southern accent there.

[CMO] Suzy please don't;

[CEO] Ok, what happened there, is I called out his southern accent while standing in his space which is not something I want to do, and then I jumped over here to speak but he jumped into my space, so we can call it even.

[CMO] Yes, we can call it even.  The point is I have to let go of that attachment in order to be flowing at parties and not get hung up on this question of, "Am I a nerd who has to tell the lie that I'd rather be in an intellectual discussion."

[CTO] And you guys have the southern accent, that's not my domain.  I don't do accents.

[CEO] I'm not sure I agree with that.  I will let you say that in a public video, but in private I'm going to challenge you on that.

[CMO] This is the challenge of unscripted video.  Let's address what Norm just said.  He said, "I don't do accents," and the reality is he does do accents but we've chosen not to do that on unscripted video.  This is a powerful line in the sand.  It applies to southern accents and also any other foreign accent.  It's one of a dozen rules that we have, that help ensure that we stay on the right side of cultural appropriation.

[CEO] It's the idea that when you're in the character, you can't miss.  We can't say something that's disrespectful to ourselves or other people.

[CTO] And I agree completely.  If I start doing accents.  (ROBOTIC) Any accent other than this accent. (DONE)  That's the famous speech synthesizer.  Well, it was made famous by REDACTED.

[CEO] Norm, you were imitating me as well just there.

[CTO] Yes, I was, and it's funny, I feel that it's ok for me to imitate you guys because you imitate me all the time.  Every time you pause, you're essentially imitating me.

[CEO] That's true.  Every time I run out of things to say, I become Norm, and when I think of something to say, I jump back into playing the Suzy character, and that's why we say Norm is the root of our personality.

[CMO] And that is why we, Suzy and I, need to take responsibility for any symbolic gestures, other than the speech synthesizer.

[CTO] I don't even know if the speech synthesizer is respectful.

[CEO] I think it is.  I will go on the record and say it's respectful for you to do the speech synthesizer.  REDACTED owned that.

[CMO] Whoa.  We're talking about cultural appropriation here and you just spoke on behalf of REDACTED.  How do you do that.  Explain.  I challenge you on that, Suzy.

[CEO] Thank you for challenging me.  I don't know how to put it, it's the power of physics.  The idea of being someone who understands how the universe works, and being a writer and author and using that speech synthesizer as a tool for communication on top of that layer.  It's very clear the speech synthesizer in no way reflects the reality of REDACTED's life.  Their life was well represented by their writing, and so the speech synthesizer is fair game for parody.

[CTO] I agree with that.  I want to be very open to revisiting that statement.  But I feel (ROBOTIC) very good about that. (DONE)

[CEO] One of the things we don't talk about very often is that Norm often laughs, and we want to get as much of that on the show as possible.  Those laughs are just as authentic as a long pause, that's cause because of how our mind works.

[CMO] Or even because Norm has a thought that he knows is not safe to say in public, and he's pausing to think about it.

[CEO] But I want to be very clear, that's not the main reason why Norm pauses.

[CTO] Enough.  You guys have made your point.  Let's go back to the nerd stereotype.  This was the big idea from the first dream.  We let go of the attachment to the nerd stereotype.  I'm no longer worried about people projecting it onto me.  I'm no longer gonna tell that lie.  If I'm standing alone in the corner and I choose to have an intellectual conversation, I'll be honest, I would have preferred to keep socializing at the party because I can have intellectual conversations with people all day, everyday, but it's rare that I have the chance to meet new people and feel empathy and express emotions at a party.  I take those opportunities as special.

[CEO] Especially because it's a lot of work to go out to parties, so it's a shame to make all that effort to go out and feel there's no opportunity to connect with people and feel empathy and share stories.

[CMO] So what's the connection to the military and the stonemason carrying a column?

[CEO] We're still blocking on that one.  That was a very big dream that I wanted to be the basis of this broadcast, so we're going to take a break, remember what the point was, and continue in just a moment.

(BREAK)

[CEO] And we're back with the second part of our first episode.  The big idea we had in the second dream was this question of why do people who work for a living who and make less than the median income vote Republican, which is seen as the party that protects business interests.  We, I'm worrying about whether I'm speaking loud enough, but I'm gonna commit to the unscripted format.  We're not gonna redo that.

[CMO] Let me say that again. Typically people say working class or even blue collar, but Suzy is a big fan of this phrase, "People who work for a living who make less than the median income."  The question is, why do working class men vote Republican.  They should not.  They should be voting Democrat so they can get more government services and so we can raise taxes on the wealthy people who are getting a disproportionate share of the work that these men do.

[CEO] But the dream we had with the stone mason carrying the Greek column gave us the idea that maybe the reason people who work for a living vote Republican is because they know without American exceptionalism;

[CTO] Stay calm, Suzy, and let me handle it!  That was not script, without American exceptionalism, people who work for a living are going to be in the situation of REDACTED factory workers, for lack of a better example, in China.

[CEO] You might be better at politics than I thought.  You have trouble working the room at parties, but when you have the microphone all to yourself I find you to be quite articulate.

[CTO] I would not have expected that, but I enjoy talking about this stuff.  American exceptionalism is the reason our GDP is as high as it is, and if it's not, unless you're a software engineer or some other high demand position, the average American worker is going to be like the average Chinese worker in 10 years unless we maintain American exceptionalism.

[CMO] And that's not going to happen because the world is moving the other way.  Technology will automate a lot of these jobs and more importantly, it's going to change the military paradigm.  That brings us full circle to what we were saying at the beginning about how we wanted to talk about the military.  We believe, and this is totally a layman's opinion, not based on insider knowledge and not well researched, but we believe we're entering a new military paradigm.  Why don't you tell us about that, Suzy?

[CEO] In the new military paradigm, drones will become the dominant force in global assertion of power, beyond politics.  That's how I would like to put it.

[CTO] The idea is, say you have an oil rig in the middle of the ocean, and a battleship approaches to take it out.  The question is, can you launch a cloud of drones off the oil rig and take out the battleship before it takes out the rig, and this is an easy calculation because in this day and age you don't need any people on the oil rig.

[CEO] Or the battleship for that matter, although the ship represents the old military paradigm. The new paradigm is one that does not involve nearly as many people.

[CMO] Although it's very important, when we dig into how do you assert military dominance with drones, is that the drones are essentially working under under cover.  The battleship example is safe for discussion because we can imagine this happening in international waters between corporations, for all we care, so it's not clear if it's terrorism, or what it is.  The question is, can the drones infiltrate the battleship, find the weaknesses, and fire various ordinance.

[CEO] Can we not use the term ordinance?  It makes it sounds like you know more about this than you really do.

[CMO] Absolutely.  Fire various weapons into the battleship and any exposed place where humans are involved. The drones will systematically try to take out the humans.  Even though you might not need as many people to operate the battleship, any people who are there as a fail safe mechanism for the computers, or the satellite uplink going bad, the drones are gonna target them relentlessly, so it's actually a front line position now to be an operator.

[CEO] And I want to announce that we have trains going by here, which is appropriate, talking about battleships and drones, and what not.  Imagine, we're here in Berkeley, California by the Oakland ports, just imagine if you had a few shipping containers of weaponized drones come in, somehow get onto one of these trains, and now they're going into the interior.  Who knows what could happen.

[CTO] That's the bigger question about the drone paradigm.  What happens when it reaches land?  This question is very relevant because Putin's Russia has tested whether you can cross, or disrespect, internationally recognized boundaries through proxy soldiers.  Drones are gonna always be proxy soldiers.  Half of the art is making it really unclear who is operating the drones and creating these multi-step scenarios where outcomes are shifted in a probabilistic way that you can never tie back to the shadow elite actors who are playing around with probabilities, which in turn, reflects the rest of this technology paradigm.

[CEO] And I'll add, the idea is you look at what computer scientists are doing in social media and web search.  They are doing a lot of probabilistic analysis about the behavior of people and trying to influence which kind of products people buy and even how they live their life.  There's questions about can we improve public health outcomes through the design of social software.  These are positive questions to ask, but that same style of thought could be applied to the use of drones and targeted violence.  We might call it terrorism here in the United States. We like to call that terrorism, but when it's happening in a former Soviet republic it's a little less clear what we should call it.

[CMO] Especially when more and more members of the international community are not sure whether their best interests are served by fighting a global war on terror.

[CEO] That was a big statement.  I'm not sure, there was a shift in the tone here when you say that.

[CMO] This leads back to, we had a conflict in private, debating, are we, personally, always going to be on the side of the United States of America, and the answer is yes, because we were born here and we are legally obligated to have allegiance to America.  We said the pledge of allegiance everyday in school for years.

[CEO] So that's a simple answer, yes, we are.  As a Silicon Valley engineer, we are an American citizen who lives underneath the umbrella of American power structures who in turn;

[CTO] Live underneath the umbrella of God.  Or whatever serves as God these days, and that is where we can have a more interesting debate.  How ironic is that?

[CEO] It is ironic.  There's no question that our allegiance is to the United States, and to the rule of law in this land but there is a question about, take the people who run this country, the people who really have the last word on the assertion of rule of law, both at home and abroad. What are they allegiant too?  What is bigger than them?  Is it God?  Is it a Christian God?  Is it some other kind of God?  Is it a mashup of all of the world's religions?  Is it the United Nations?  Or is it something they make up as they go?

[CMO] I don't believe that.  America's leaders don't make it up as they go.  We always elect leaders based on their religion, for lack of a better word.  Religion is a necessary component of the political process.  America has, primarily, a Christian tradition, and I'll leave it at that.  I don't think anyone's going to argue with that, and that tradition, in practice, has been as tolerant as anywhere else of other religions.

[CEO] That's a strong statement I don't necessarily agree with.  We have to make a weaker statement.  Historically, America had, traditionally, a majority of Christian people in the circles of power, and this has been a country with a history of tolerance and a value system that seeks to increase tolerance, but we don't always do it well.  That would be my statement.

[CTO] So you're the spokesperson for America.  Suzy the spokesperson for America! Is that how it works now?

[CEO] You're looking pretty spokespersony yourself, Norm.  Why don't you see if you can say it better than me?  I'm happy to share this, sort of, being the token American person in the meeting whose gonna speak on behalf of my country.

[CTO] I don't like the way you used the word token.  I really don't like that.  Try again.

[CEO] Yes, I should not have described myself as the token spokesperson for my country, and I'm smiling because I smile all the time in this character, but I don't like that I said that.  What I mean is I am playing a character, and the symbolism is intentionally based on knowledge I have of the history of America, and there's a train going by as if to question my authenticity.

[CMO] This goes back to that idea where we're not sure if we're speaking loudly enough into the camera.  Why don't you say the apology again, louder?  The train was just reminding you to be louder.

[CEO] I'm sorry for saying that I'm the token spokesperson for my country.  That's the best way to describe what I'm doing here as Suzy.  There's a lot of Americans who would not view me as their spokesperson, and they would certainly not view me as a token.  I don't even know what that means.

[CTO] I agree.  We don't know what that means, and that's why it's probably not the right thing to say.  As a character, you need to use meanings in a clear way.  In the handful of cases where you use intentional ambiguity, where words can mean multiple things, you need to have an understanding in your mind what those multiple things are, and make sure all of those things are covered.

[CMO] And that is not something you can do in your head.  You have to do that at the subconscious level, and that's what we try to accomplish through creating a character.  A character is capable of doing thousands of body language and microexpression traits and then stacking language patterns and idioms on top of that, and we continually iterate the characters so the stuff they say is always gonna be on the right side of cultural appropriation, even in cases where something we say or do with our body language has more than one possible meaning.

[CEO] I want to point out that body language is inherently ambiguous.  Almost any body language trait can be interpreted in multiple ways.  Our favorite is the phrase, "No worries."  One way to look at that is you're unfairly projecting anxiety onto the other person.  You're acting like they were worried when maybe they weren't, so that might be unfair, but you can also argue, "Oh I wasn't talking about them."  I was just saying I'm not worried.  I was talking about myself.

[CMO] I'm sorry, I just said that for you.

[CEO] Yes, please don't put words in my mouth like that, Norman, but I would have said the same thing.  When I say no worries, I may be speaking about myself, although you seem a lot more comfortable than I do with saying that, because I go out of my way not to play that card.  I view that as a card where you say no worries to someone and then act like it was a statement about yourself.  Let's face it, it puts the other person in a one down position.

[CMO] Right, but people say, we can prove this very easily with hidden cameras, which we don't use, but we don't need to because this is so obvious.  People say no worries to me like five times more frequently than they say it to you, Suzy, so one of the best ways for me to level the;

[CEO] The playing field?

[CMO] Yeah, one of the best ways for me to level the playing field is to do it back, and say, "Yeah, no worries."  That helps me come up out of the one down position and continue the conversation at a place of equal status.

[CEO] What is this status thing that you speak of?  I don't even know what you could possibly mean by that!

[CTO] Now that is a lie, Suzy.  You just told a lie.

[CEO] Everyone knows it was a lie because I made a cute face.

[CTO] Ok. I have no problem talking about status.  I'm using it in the sense that an author named REDACTED uses it in a book called REDACTED.  We're not talking about flying first class in an airplane.  That's where you pay money and get treated with an explicitly higher level of service.  Some people use the word status to talk about the higher level of service.  I'm talking about what happens between any two people in the moment, with no other extrinsic value being traded.

[CEO] The best example is you meet a stranger, you've never seen this person before and maybe there's a reason to strike up a conversation.  There's some fascinating thing that you say, "Hey, what do you make of that?"  And they other person's like, "No worries, I'm sure it's fine."

[CMO] Can you stop imitating me when you say no worries;

[CEO] I'm sorry, no worries, Norman.  I just think you're so good at saying it.

[CMO] Fine, you're doing this well.

[CEO] That was a weak, come back Norman.  I'm playing a little big higher status than Norman right now.  Let's see how he handles it.

[CMO] The point I think you're making is if you say no worries to the stranger that way, their position is tenuous.  They may not be sure if you respect them at that moment, so they may have to test you to find out if you view them as an equal who has the same opportunity to make something of themselves in the future.

[CEO] I like what you said.  That was a good comeback.  You supported my statement and made yourself appear capable and knowledgeable.  Well done, Norman.

[CMO] Thank you, Suzy, and you are the host of the show, after all.

[CEO] Yes, I am.  Norm, why don't you add to this?

[CTO] Thank you for including me, Suzy.  I would have become angry and attacked your status.

[CEO] Norm, are you imitating me?

[CTO] I was smiling uncontrollably, and that happens to have a lot in common with your smile, Suzy.  Maybe that's one of the reasons you are a strong leader.

[CEO] I will take your words at face value, please continue.

[CTO] The idea was, if you treat someone as lower status, if you run into someone and something interesting happens and you tell them not to worry about it with no context, and there's no reason why they should be worried, that's rude.  It's rude to a level that might even imply you don't view them as a first class citizen.  It's inherent, if you're going around telling someone else not to worry then you must think you're a first class citizen who has equal opportunity to do whatever you want.

[CEO] I question that.  The main reason people do that, like Norman over here, is because they're not quite sure they're a first class citizen.  Maybe a lot of people are telling them not to worry, and they're feeling insecure (LOOKS AT NORMAN), if I may, and so they say no worries more often.

[CMO] It's like a war of no worries.  Everyone is telling each other not to worry, and the more I say no worries to you, the more you're gonna say it back to me, and this escalates until one of us does something different and makes it unambiguous that we are in fact tussling for status.

[CEO] I'm glad you used the word tussling because in almost every case, that's the right word, and introducing the word tussle makes it a lot more appropriate to have a conversation about status.  We're not talking about war.  We're not even joking about war.  We're talking about a well intentioned, friendly, tussle for status, kind of like when people give each other a hard time.  The assumption, when people are doing that, is it is out of empathy and good intention to understand the other person better so you can calibrate your conversational topics to help them help you and create a positive cycle.  A vital cycle.

[CTO] Suzy has a lot of interesting language choices.  She likes to say, "people who work for a living," instead of working class.  She also likes to say vital cycle instead of virtuous cycle because virtue implies a masculine person, and that's a reasonable point to base your language on.

[CEO] And I would call that a memorized line.  It's a habit I've gotten into, and it makes me proud to have these habits.

[CMO] It makes Suzy proud to have habits like saying vital cycle instead of virtuous cycle.  It doesn't mean that she expects other people not to use that term.  It's ambiguous again.  (SOUTHERN) If I say giving each other a hard time is a virtuous cycle that helps us have empathy for each other, Suzy's not going to judge me negatively.  She's not going to give me a hard time back just because I used the term virtue.

[CEO] Or because you speak in a southern accent.

[CMO] Right, but, I'm inspired to imitate Suzy's pattern and have a bias towards using the phrase vital cycle.  I enjoyed learning that trait from Suzy, and symmetrically filtering the alternative trait of using the term virtue.

[CEO] I wanna, since we're talking about status, I wanna bring up this point about us having a southern accent; That we do exactly what you just said.  We filter it and have symmetric alternatives for expressing the same emotions we would normally express through some kind of southern inflection.

[CTO] And (CHUCKLES), the accent the stonemason used, (MASON) he spoke like this.

[CEO] Well, we weren't expecting you to be the first person to use an accent, but I'm glad you did because I made a harsh transition to, from the discussion of status in the room, the kind of status we tussle and give each other a hard time over, to the choice to not speak as much in a southern accent, and then this accent that the stone mason carrying the Greek column in the dream that gave us the idea that people who work for a living often vote Republican because they view American exceptionalism as the cornerstone, if you will, of their continued relative prosperity compared to the rest of the world, even though, as an American who is used to living the very privileged lifestyle we live in this country, even if you don't feel particularly privileged, we have it good here.  You can really trust the water supply and the food, and there's electricity and there's jobs and there's excellent rule of law in most places, and for most people, and I don't want to say that lightly.  There's a lot of unfair things going on in the USA, but if you compare it to the rest of the world, there's still a lot of things that are very advantageous about being here, and I'll say it, as a white person, and even more so as a white male, and I say that very seriously because I'm a cross dresser right now, if I went back to a lot of the places in America where most people are speaking in a southern accent, there's a very real chance that I will be physically assaulted.  I don't want to say that's the reason I don't use a southern accent, because it's not, but I'm gonna get Norman to continue this point.

[CMO] That was very interesting what you did there, unscripted.  You didn't say it, you didn't say that the likelihood of being assaulted as a cross dresser is the main reason.  I'm not gonna say it either.  If someone else wants to complete the sentence, they can, but I'm not gonna complete the sentence.

[CTO] Do you guys want me to complete the sentence?

[CEO] No, please don't.  I appreciate that you dropped the accent and now people can ask me, "What was that accent?"  What does it mean, and I'll just be like, "It was the stone mason accent."

[CMO] Why is the stonemason accent?  I don't know.

[CEO] And that is the truth.  I don't know why I'm calling it the, "stonemason accent."  I don't know the first thing about stone masonry.  I'm just throwing out a term that strikes me as safe.  I don't think I'm disrespecting the tradition of stone masonry by calling that accent the stonemason accent, in quotes, as a joke, as parody.

[CMO] And we will continue to speak about these descriptions, these choices of words and what they really mean underneath, and there's a train.  I could swear these trains know when we need to be reminded of something.

[CEO] That's superstition, just to be clear.  There's no connection between the trains and our words.

[CMO] I'm not sure about that because we could be hearing the trains from a distance blowing a horn and then we can queue up our transitions into more controversial comments, and by the time the train gets here, it's the turning point where something powerful comes out, powerful for good or for bad, we're not sure.

[CEO] I agree, powerful's a good word to describe these inflection points in conversation.

[CTO] There was a point being made that was headed off by the train.  Do we recall what the point was?

[CEO] We don't, but we're out of time for today.  The goal for this week is to reflect on this video.  This is our goal, and we'll revisit some of these ideas next week.  I look forward to continuing the unscripted video series.  This is one of the most enjoyable projects I have done in all of my years.  Until next week, goodbye!


[[Episode 2]]

[CEO] Hey everyone, and welcome to the second episode of TheSuzy.com Reality Virtual Show.  My guests today are, I was gonna do this really quickly, but my brain does not do live video quickly.  The idea of TheSuzy.com Reality Virtual Show is that we're gonna do unscripted video every week, and we decided to focus and do a show that's entirely about the software I'm writing, so my first guest is Norman, to the right, and he's going to say a few words about the new shift in focus.

[CMO] Hi, I'm Norman, and Suzy suggested that we wear hats today, and the idea is, we don't have to wear the hat the entire episode.  It helps remind you I'm a different character than Suzy.  I'll let our other guest talk about the new focus of the show.

[CEO] Awesome, so our second guest is Norm, to the left.

[CTO] Hi, I'm Norm, and I like the idea of wearing hats because it brings out new sides to myself, like this crazy purple hat.  I think I'm wearing it backwards, actually (TURNS HAT AROUND) which is a good way to get started because the idea of hats is you can do anything you want with the hat.  It can mean a lot of different things.  I'll let Suzy talk about the software focus, because it's really her initiative.

[CEO] Ok, there's a lot of big news stories this week.  One of them was that there was a lot of discussion about a book they released where REDACTED showed that she could be a software engineer, but it played to stereotypes about, just traditional stereotypes that have not been helpful for ensuring women have equal opportunity to be successful in any kind of career role within the technology industry, and you know how I am with language, I don't like to say it in the most simple way.  I like to find the right wording, so we can go back and get a transcript of what I just said, but I feel like I can defend the language I just used.

[CMO] We're still not focusing on the software, which was the whole thing was we were supposed to make this episode be about the software. Who wants to talk about that?

[CTO] Ok, yeah, yeah, I'll talk about it.  We're building a decentralized semantic web, and a lot of people have been building this ever since the world wide web came out and we had unstructured documents that were now available for anyone to view on the Internet, and ever since then, this was in the late 90s, people have been like, "Oh, we have to add structure."  Suzy, why don't you talk about what structure means.

[CEO] Thanks guys, I'm glad you guys keep passing the microphone around.  I think of structure as, let me say, the rise of social media has made it easier to talk about structured data outside the field of computer science, because now everyone uses a structured database in their everyday life.

[CMO] Suzy's being very accurate.  Not everyone uses social media, but, like, pretty much everyone uses social media, so as you were saying.

[CEO] The idea of having a profile and then having links from that profile to other profiles, that's all structured data, and the profile has structured fields like the picture, and every time you do a status update, it's a unique chunk, or discreet chunk of data that's connected to the profile, so the language I like to use to describe this in the abstract is objects and links to other objects, and the way we do this is not based on links anymore but that's still an equivalent way to describe it.

[CTO] I feel like you're making it sound more complicated than it is.  It's objects and links.  A profile's an object.  A friend connection between two profiles is a link, and then you can extend that idea.  Like an event is an object, and when you say you're gonna attend an event or not attend or maybe attend, those are three different kinds of links from the event object to your profile object that describe your intention with regard to the event.

[CMO] This stuff is not simple, because we have to ask the question, before the event, what you described is good, but after the event, how do you represent what happened.

[CEO] You can have a whole additional set of links which describe the after event, so before the event you have those three possibilities, attending, declined, or maybe attending and then during the event there are no links associated with during the event, but after the time period of the event is over, you can create a new link that describes whether you actually attended or whether you did not attend, and there's no maybe.

[CTO] Well, maybe there is a maybe because you know whether you attended the event, but other people don't know.  They might make a guess as to whether you attended.  They're like, "I thought I saw Suzy there but maybe that was someone else who just looked like Suzy."

[CEO] Ok (LAUGHS) I have had people say they thought they saw me somewhere, like, walking down the street, from a distance, it's easy to confuse me with someone who also has long blonde hair, but, yeah there's a need for a maybe link, and part of the fun of semantic web representations is that you have to deal with probabilities and things you're not certain of, and this is almost antithetical a certain aspect of our culture, like you think of the standard meme in movies where the engineer is going on and on about all these details and the strong leader is like, "Is it gonna work or is it not gonna work?"

See, I'm imitating a male when I use that terminology, so there may be this multi-layered thing where that appreciation for ambiguity is actually something that I can relate to more through my feminine side than my masculine side.  It's not about making a yes or no decision, it's about representing knowledge in a way that facilities eventually making a few yes or no decisions in those rare cases where you have to, but a lot of life is not about a series of yes or no decisions.  A lot of life is much more fluid than that.

[CMO] That's a good way to think about computer programming.  We got back into writing the code and you never know what the right way to do something is with code, you do a lot of guess work and then you have to be really open to going back and changing what you did before, and almost finding that exciting because it's a sign that you've learned something new.

[CEO] Yeah, that's one of the reasons why getting into programming is difficult.  It feels socially awkward to tell people, "Oh the way I did this was the wrong way to do it," because then everyone's like, "Oh no it was fine, just be more confident." Like, I'm very confident, I'm just saying there's a better way to write the code than I just wrote, but people won't back down because that's our culture, they're like, "No, really, just be more confident.  Don't mention it."  So you have to go off in solitude and engage in that more scientific process that's full of ambiguity and doubt, but you're not allowed to talk about it with other people because then they always come at you with that whole be confident, don't be anxious, don't doubt yourself thing, and that gets in the way of coding.

[CTO] Especially because I'm wearing this purple hat that draws lots of attention to myself, I feel it's easier to go under the radar and engage in that self doubt thing, healthy self doubt, see it's ridiculous that I have to clarify that, but healthy self doubt where you're going back over your code, I just wrote that but now I want to do it a different way, or let's just try doing it a different way and see if things come out a little better, and do all that, it's easier if you're not drawing a lot of attention, but now that I'm wearing this purple hat, a lot more people are gonna be aware of the fact that I have an expression on my face that indicates I might be back tracking the work I did instead of, "Awesome! I just did it right!  Awesome, I'm so confident in what I just did.  This is great.  Let's take the next step.  Let's be bold."  I don't have to, the fact that I'm not being that way while I'm sitting there coding is more visible now that I'm wearing this purple hat.

[CEO] Right, the purple hat for you is a symbol of what having a long blonde hair and makeup does for me, and you don't normally dress like this, it's just because we share this body when we're doing unscripted video, and we don't have time to change outfits when we switch who is speaking.  Wouldn't that be great if we just paused reality and switched outfits, we can simulate that eventually with video editing, but for now we have to have the same outfit and switch positions.

[CMO] Everyone noticed we're doing that, but that's another thing about the culture of programming is this tendency to describe literally what we're doing, and I don't know where it comes from in the culture, but there's totally this thing where people would be like, "Yeah Suzy, we know, it's obvious you're doing that, you don't have to mention it," but what's so bad about saying, just reminding people what we're doing, it's a chance to practice using language.

[CEO] Yes, practicing describing what we're doing literally is a good stepping stone to being a programmer because it's not that easy to describe in detail how people do things, and if you're in the habit of doing that, it gets you in the right mind set to talk to the computer in it's language, so it understands what you want to do, and the computer will never get upset. It's funny how I just accused other people of getting upset when they give me a hard time about using literal language, and that's one of the things I like about dressing up like this, is if you give me a hard time I'll just say you're upset and I'll move on to a new discussion, and it's easier for me to do that when I'm dressed up and acting like a girl, or a woman.  It's more grating when the guys accuse someone of being upset, they can't roll off of that as easily as I can.

[CTO] I'm not sure why you're going into detail about that, because that's not the way we want to handle the thing.  That's the irony, it's easy for you to defend.  You see, we're coming back to this idea of status.  If you're using literal language, maybe just for fun, to practice doing that, so that you'll be in the right mindset to be a productive coder, then people come back, "Dude that's so obvious, why are you saying that," and my phone is ringing in the background, it's really distracting.  Finish my thought, Suzy.

[CEO] I like where you're going with this.  Oh, now there's a siren going by.  It's also distracting, even if just to prove to you guys that we're doing a real unscripted video, but I feel like I'm losing the topic I was on.

[CMO] I do want you to make the point, Suzy, but just to bring it back, we were talking about when you use literal language and someone gives you a hard time about that, how do you do the comeback?

[CEO] Yeah, this whole idea of a comeback, people are like, "Yeah that's obvious," and they act like they're bored, so that makes you feel in the one down position and you can be like, "I don't care, I don't care, whatever." That's another thing that's easier for me to do, is be like, "I don't care," and as soon as I say I don't care I get elevated out of the one down position, and then I can sit there and deny it and be like, "I didn't elevate out of the one down position," but if you look at how people are responding, suddenly everyone else relaxes and they want to be seen talking to me, but when you guys do exactly the same thing, they're like;

[CTO] See, "I don't care."

[CEO] People are like, "Yeah, you don't care, buddy, have a nice day."  They exit the conversation with him, even when he's wearing the purple hat.  I would argue wearing the purple hat gets in the way of it.

[CTO] It gets in the way, but I can pull of a different way of taking to people if I'm wearing the purple hat. I could play a character like the way you play a character, Suzy.

[CEO] Ok, well I'm glad we brought that side of the purple hat out now, it brings out a new character.

[CMO] I think this also brings out a new character, but it's gonna be a longer term project to bring out all the aspects this hat implies.  The purple hat is bolder and we can get into the details of that character more quickly.

[CEO] I feel like we're getting away from the point I was trying to make.  I can be like, "I don't care what people think," and now I'm out of the one down position, or I can throw it back on you and be like, "I'm sorry you're so upset about my use of language, but I'm a girl geek, and I like to code, and I like to use literal language, so ha." It's so easy for me to do that, but I don't think either of those strategies are a good way to come out of the one down position.  A better strategy is to dig in and use this mature leadership language of, I don't even know.  This is something I want to study.  How to do this more effectively? I could say things like, "I noticed you rolled your eyes when I used literal language, and that made me feel like I'm in a one down position, and I don't like that feeling. And, the way I'm gonna move forward is to talk about the software engineering I do, and the way that software engineering allows me to build an artifact I can share with the world, which allows other people to work with information more effectively."

[CTO] Whoa, whoa, wrong hat, I feel like you're on the right track there, but now you're gonna have trouble with that.  You're gonna have to dig in and work really hard for a long time to get any traction with that because you're not as interesting anymore when you use that mature language.

[CEO] That's exactly my point. I'm making a trade off like any other engineering trade off. I just noticed there's a reflection of me in the computer screen, which is the opposite of the video image of me, and that's, like, really distracting!

[CMO] So, let's not worry about the reflection. Try to stay focused on the image and finish that point about the mature thought.

[CEO] Oh yeah, so the mature thought, which, in some ways, is undermined because I'm combining mature thought with a lot of literal language and a lot of easily distracted discussion patterns, and that's a good thing, in terms of working with an engineering team, because we'll be more likely to think of all the important details and be able to see around corners.  I have no doubt about my ability to get in there and come to work for,  however many hours a week, I think 50 hours is typical.  I do a lot of thought about what is a healthy work environment, for me it's 50 hours, and sometimes you need more personal space and employers should be flexible with that.  There's also times when you're ready to crank and you want to work much longer hours, like work a few weekends, and do crazy 48 hour hackathons.  All of these things should be something a culture can incorporate into the flow of the overall group.

[CTO] Again, you're getting into these implementation details, which is great, but we only have one hour a week to talk about what we're doing. I don't know if those details are the most important.

[CEO] Right, for me, this back and forth where I naturally go into details, but you guys can remind me to keep it high level, that is a workflow that feels empowering to me because it allows me to have the leadership role but still be very unscripted.  I'm being myself and letting my mind do what it does naturally, without a lot of self doubt.  So there's a second concept of self-doubt.

[CMO] I want to jump in and help with that.  My hat was backwards there, and so there's self doubt when you're coding, which is good self doubt, you want to consider different ways of doing things, and I'll reverse the meme here, and be fearless about changing things that you just did, and talking about the reasons why you changed it even if you're not sure of any of the things you're saying. That is the process of computer programming, and when you get comfortable with that style of self doubt, you're productivity accelerates. At first it feels almost suffocating, but once you're mind gets comfortable and you no longer freeze with, basically you have to block out social norms, you have to block out that awareness that people are gonna be like, "Don't worry, just go with the flow." You have to forget that people are gonna say that and let your mind doubt and spin and speculate and take risks and back track and be very detail oriented and literal and spend hours working through details that would not go well on a video.

[CEO] So now you're making the same mistake that Norm pointed out I was making of getting into too much detail, so that's not healthy.  It's this irony of if I wanna change the subject because I'm feeling ADD, or if I wanna go into a lot of details, I should do that, but you guys can help give me signals to step out of that, but I don't wanna do this thing where I feel like I have to police my own thought in the unscripted video. This is the power of collaboration.  We can work together to make a more compelling on message video without me having to change who I am as much on the camera.

[CTO] That's exactly it.  We can collaborate to be more compelling as a group, but as individuals we can be very cognitively diverse, let our minds wander, be literal, and also, more generally, not worry about social norms, and have this healthy feeling that we have equal opportunity with an expectation that we're gonna be treated that way even if we know full well if we go into a bar or a party and continue this conversation in this way, even if dressed like this or with this hat on, that it's gonna be difficult to get a positive response from people, and so what we do through our collaboration is create a fantasy world where we don't let the statistical reality about how people react to the way we're communicating affect our decisions about how we're going to communicate.

[CMO] This is the bread and butter of how to build our business.  Our company culture is to use collaboration to help the group reach focus but without people feeling like they need to change who they are as coders.  I want people to be authentic as coders, which is ironic because a lot of people think of coding as this profession where you have to block out a lot of your natural enthusiasm and curiosity and focus on speaking the language the computer wants you to speak, and focus on your goals and the steps you have to take to achieve your goals, and just block out the distractions.  It's this disciplined thing, and I wanna turn that idea on it's head, so coding is, it's a way of expressing what's going on in your mind, and when you're in a flow, like melding your mind, making it one with the computer, you deviate from social norms, and it's actually other people that are more stifling than the machine. The machine will go with you anywhere you wanna go, if you want to program it to be a very narrow minded machine, it will be. If you wanna program it to be artistic and all over the place, you can write programs like that as well, and I want to set that creative force free where we have cognitively diverse people making their minds become one with the machine and taking their code in different directions, and we have a process for bringing these different coding styles, these people who are coding in different directions, we bring that together through collaboration, but we don't try to filter what they're doing upfront. The filtering is a higher layer process.

[CMO] We're getting to a place in the video where we may be losing a lot of the audience, and that's fine. We'll get better at unscripted video.  We can also go back and do scripted video that hits all of the highlights of this, but there's some real substance to what Suzy just said about letting, or reversing the order of how a company inspires people to share their true creative spirit in code, but then circle back and iteratively combine these often creative and not necessarily practical directions people may go in with their code, to combine that into products and services that will be able to get measurable traction, maybe even measurable revenue.

[CTO] That was really inspiring about the measurable, you were so; I'm joking, you were really not excited about measurable traction and measurable revenue and, hey, I think that's good, I want to start with apathy about the measurable stuff. I'm purple hat guy. I do not have a lot of patience for fake enthusiasm about measurable traction and measurable revenue, it's like, yeah, you have to do that stuff, especially if we want to raise money, we have to do the measurable thing, but if we're gonna get excited about it, I honestly think we just don't need to be excited about it at all.  We should pitch investors with that same apathy. It's like, this is not why we're doing this business.  We recognize that you want a return on your investment.  We respect that, and so we're gonna do these things we need to do to help you control your risk, but we're not gonna act like we're passionate about controlling your risk, because that's not our passion.  Our passion is to make our minds one with the machine and use collaboration to iteratively combine our independent directions.

[CEO] Well said. That may become a talking point for us.  I'd be interested to see what the feedback is on that.  We'll have to push a little bit.  When you go out into Silicon Valley and say, frankly we're not passionate about measuring success; So, that was interesting that I said success.  Let's be clear, we're not passionate about measuring users, traction, engagement stats, and we're also not passionate about revenue.  It's not the thing we wake up to do every morning, but we also recognize the need to do it, particular because,there's a lot of reasons to do it, but it's not about helping investors make money.  It's about building a business that can impact the world on a large scale. Being able to get traction and create a cash flow positive growth loop is a form of leverage, in the same sense as being able to raise money and hire people to build an idea much faster than I could build it on my own, that's another form of leverage, and all these forms of leverage, they're all sort of the same.  You have to do it all at once.  It's like juggling. You juggle these different forms of leverage, and they help each other spin up this inverse funnel that can go much bigger than I can if I'm just standing here, typing on the computer alone.  We want to use leverage because we believe our ideas will have a positive impact on the world, so we want to have that impact 10x or 1000x, but we don't want to be dishonest about how that leverage is implemented in our brains.

[CMO] It's difficult to keep flowing on this topic in this unscripted video format.  Let's leave it at that and we can go back and review what we're trying to get at there.  Maybe condense it into talking points that will be easier to mention.

[CTO] I wanna be defiant.  I love the stuff we just said, and I hope Suzy will be the lead defiant person, but I'm gonna try to get a little momentum there.  Let's be real.  There's gonna be, you put this into a serious context in Silicon Valley, everyone's gonna have that look, where they're like, "I don't understand what you're saying, you might need to refine what you're saying," and I'm like, no we don't.  What Suzy just said is perfect.  It makes perfect sense, and if you would think about it more depth then you will learn something very useful that might help you grow and do better work in your own career, and we're not requiring anyone to learn this knowledge, just like we're not requiring anyone to learn how to program, but that whole thing where people are gonna be like, "I'm not sure, I don't understand, but I'm trying really hard to understand, but I don't understand."  I don't have a lot of patience for that.  I want to be defiant of that and be like, I respect that you don't understand, and I respect this pattern of body language you're doing where you're acting like you're trying really hard to understand, even though, it's really like, there's no reason for me to not be defiant, when they're like, "I'm trying so hard to understand," when what they're trying to do is get me to be less defiant and say, "Oh, you know what, we need to go back to the drawing board. We need to do XYZ."  It's like, no, we don't have to do anything.  We love coding.  We're gonna go code this idea, it's gonna be great, and we're gonna refine our talking points because we wanna reach the whole audience, but we'll do that at our leisure. We're under no obligation to help people understand, because what we said made perfect sense.

[CEO] Well, maybe you can be defiant so I don't have to be.  I feel the same way, and part of why I dress this way is it automatically communicate that.  I can just nod my head when people are like, "I don't understand what you were getting at in that video." It's like, "Cool, well, thanks for watching the video." That's my way of being defiant, and that's part of why it makes sense for me to be the lead role of this media production, because, why do you want to get in people's face?  I respect you don't wanna back down.  You don't wanna change your course because people are giving you that, "I don't understand, but I'm trying really hard, maybe you need to do something better so I can understand," yeah, when people give me that attitude, I'm like thank you so much for all of your time and interest in our project, and I can't wait to show you our project.  It will take a while.  That's the truth.  I'm not self-deprecating.  I'm telling a very simple description of what's going to happen over the next few months, but I'm doing it in a way that doesn't put them in a one down position either.  That's my criticism of your defiance, is yes, they're putting you in a one down position.  Yes, you're stepping out of it, but you're doing it in a way where you push them back and make them feel disrespected.  They need to be able to promote their ideas and have people look at them as strong leaders as well.  When you do this whole defiance act, it's going to undermine all of these other people in Silicon Valley and make them feel like they need to;  Honestly, it creates a cycle of negativity.  They will be like, "Whoa, you came back with negativity, but you're actually the one whose further outside of social norms."

[CMO] Sorry, I was jumping in there, imitating typical Silicon Valley people.  Norm started the cycle of negativity.  Actually they started it, but Norm is the one who doubled down on it rather than taking the high road, and because he's doubling down, like, with a ridiculous purple hat on, he's going to be the one outside of social norms, so these people who have, for better or worse, sacrificed a lot to conform to social norms, they're gonna be like, you know what, this guy's gonna double down with negativity, I'm gonna triple down because I'm in the stronger position.  I am the one who is more normative.

[CEO] I don't disagree with that.  That's the unfortunate reality.  If you're the guy wearing the crazy purple hat and you're doubling down with negativity, don't be surprised when the normative people come at you with triple down negativity.  My solution is not appeasing them.  I'm not saying what they want to hear.  I'm going sideways of what they're saying, but I'm not being negative.  I'm thanking them for their good intentions.  I'm using body language that's consistent with the words I'm saying.  When you think about this whole play book of, "Thank you for your good intentions, that was a wonderful point.  Thank you for taking the time to make that point.  I hope you have a nice day," those are positive phrases, even if they are formulaic.  They're strong phrases.  They're; You can't push those phrases around.  You can't misinterpret them.  It's clear what I'm saying.  You have to accuse me of being a total liar who is thinking something completely different and then saying that to hide it, and that's not a tenable position because I basically feel that way.  I respect other people's time.  I understand the sacrifices they've made to get where they are in their career, and I'm reflecting that understanding through this language, and the body language I use that's consistent with it.

[CMO] I have to ask, how would I do that?  I could say, "Thank you for you time.  Thank you, also, I understand you have the best of intentions, even though a lot of what you're saying makes me feel I'm in a one down position, but I know you're doing that from a place of good intentions, and I wanna say one more time that I appreciate all the time you've spent listening to my ideas and sharing your honest feedback.  It's very helpful to me."

[CEO] That's fine.  You're using more of the male frame.  I'm doing this in a more feminine way.  I think my approach is more efficient, and the takeaway here is that more men should use feminine energy in the business context in order to assert these strong frames, in a way that doesn't put the other person in that negative position.  Even if you're a very masculine man in every way, learning to use the body language patterns I'm using could be an effective way to be an innovator who's able to respectfully navigate the status quo, so my argument is men should learn how to be more feminine.  Women already know how to do this.  I'm going down a path. I don't wanna say you have to be feminine.  I'm all about women being completely masculine all the time, in the way that so many men are. I think that's reasonable, where people can do any pattern they want, but we're gonna have this idea of norms where;

[CTO] Haha, Norms; What you're getting at is, we can statistically measure; It goes back to what does it mean to have traction for your software.  At some level, it means your software is becoming more normative.  You can't have it both ways.  You can't be like, we have this crazy out there software that breaks all the conventions, but millions of people are using it.  That's a false statement.  If millions of people use it, that means it's becoming accepted, and people have heard of it.  They understand a story about it that resonates in their mind, and that's what being normative is.  It's not like being normative is bad, but in order to create new innovations, you have to put on the crazy purple hat, or maybe in a couple years, you're gonna go outside and most of the people will be wearing the purple hat, like maybe this will become a thing, but for now, it stands out.  Most people don't even wear a hat, and if they do it's probably not gonna be a crazy purple hat, so this does stand out, and that creates a certain push back from all the people who are conforming to the more statistically common headwear approach.  I agree.  I want to use more of the Suzy way of responding to that pushback, even if it's just a flash of body language.  It's a way to build a bridge back to the norm while I'm still wearing my crazy purple hat, but I can build a bridge back to the norm by doing some of the Suzy body language.

[CEO] That interested how you were imitating me while being Norm, but that's exactly the point.  You can be Norm, you can wear your crazy purple hat.  You can have flat affect and have long pauses full of scattered brilliance, but then you can do some Suzy microexpressions, and that helps build a bridge back to where the rest of society is.

[CMO] We're all about building bridges here.  We should end on a note of digging in a little more into the software.  At the beginning of the show, I don't know, maybe we were planning this before the show, I was gonna talk about the software, but now that I've talked for a few seconds, I really want Suzy to deliver the description of the semantic web.

[CEO] So we're coming back to the beginning of the show where we talked about the semantic web, an idea that's existed every since the late 90s when the world wide web was possible. The idea was to add structure, and social media is the best example of structured data where profiles and friend links and event objects and links that describe whether you're going to the event or not, and then after the event whether you attended the event or not, all of that is an example of structured data, and we want to create a generalized platform for representing all kinds of structured data, and it's intentionally not targeted towards any one domain of knowledge. We want it to be generic and generalized, and we're gonna make those words popular in a way that they haven't been before. Those are almost negative words in Silicon Valley, they're like the crazy purple hat, but that can change because people will realize it's just the opposite side of the coin. The intense focus on, "I'm gonna build an app that's really good at this narrow thing, and it's going to dominate that business vertical, and then we're gonna branch out from there."  That's a valid approach that's been very helpful.  I'm thinking of a company like REDACTED that did one workflow very well, and that allowed them to grow faster than alternatives, but we wanna build the polar opposite of that where it's gonna be pretty good for any kind of information management task and then, from there, you can build, or become gradually more focused, and this is the other side of the revolution that's happening in software. I don't know how to frame all of that, but in terms of what we have now in Silicon Valley, there's way too much emphasis on the focused innovation, and there hasn't been a big growth excitement, a cultural movement around starting with generic functionality, and then building up.  And, incidentally, programming languages have always had that quality, but it's always been behind the scenes, that side of the software industry has never been a cultural phenomenon that everyone becomes aware of, and that's what we want to do with building our semantic web software, is take this important aspect of programming that's remained very much private and under the surface, and make it into something that celebrities talk about, that's common knowledge even for people who've never written a line of code. That's the end goal of the software we're gonna build.

[CTO] You keep bringing it back to the cultural aspects, but let's dig into the implementation, because that's what we're going to be doing for the next couple years. We're not gonna wake up tomorrow and have everyone be like, "Oh I totally got what you were saying in the video."  People don't understand what you're talking about.  The way we're gonna move forward is, we're not gonna sit here and have coffee with people and try to explain it.  We're gonna go write code, and, in particular, Suzy, you're gonna write code, so people can use the idea, and even if they don't understand it, they'll start to use it and get value, and then they'll come to understand the idea, one step at a time, through using the software, rather than us iterating on our talking points.

[CMO] So to finish, let's talk about the actual code and then wrap up the video.

[CEO] We got back into the code base. I started writing this several times over the last few years, and then didn't finish, and one of the reasons is, I've had trouble coming up with the right way to represent the abstractions, but now what we're doing is a single database table called objects, and every object has one parent object, and an object has a flag which says whether or not it's a reference.  This means we don't need to have a links table, so if I want to say I'm friends, like, say my social media profile is an object, and it has a title, "Suzy," and a description of who I am, and I want to say it's friends with Norman and with Norm.

[CTO] Thank you, Suzy, for including me.

[CEO] And the way I do that is by creating a; So I create two objects which are of type reference to another profile, and the child objects are gonna be references to the other profiles.  The other profiles are not child objects of my profile. That wouldn't make sense, but the references are represented as child objects, so you could say every object that's not a reference is not a child of any other object, but I think there's gonna be a lot of cases where that does make sense, like if I want to make a list of all the different hats that I have, there's no reason why I can't be like, Suzy's hats, the parent of that is my profile object, and every hat is an object that, in turn, has a child object of type photo, and the photo represents; You have the photo of the hat, and it's parent is the hat which represents, has like, a description and links, and when I say links, I mean child objects or child references to things that describe where I bought the hat, what it's made of, all of the events I've worn it to, stuff like that, and the hat object is a child of Suzy's hats, which is, the type of Suzy's hats could be a list, and I'll end on this note.

The thing about semantic web is it can be and, kind of, you can represent the same information in a lot of different ways, and a lot of computer scientists would say this leads to a problem with data integrity, that you'll have all these representations that are incompatible with each other, but our vision is to overcome the data integrity problem with a lot of AI algorithms and cultural norms within our code base where people have, they think it's interesting, when knowledge is represented in different ways, and they go in and add meta data, which describes those differences and builds bridges between the different representations, so you'll get this cooperation of humans building those bridges to resolve the data integrity problems that arise when you allow people to represent the same knowledge in lots of different ways, but then, over time we'll automate a lot of what the humans are doing with AI, and it will get to a point where we can have that holy grail of the semantic web.


[[Episode 3]]

[CMO] Hey everyone, and welcome to the third episode of TheSuzy.com Reality Virtual Show.  We didn't feel like getting dressed up, so I'll be hosting the show, but Suzy is here to my right.

[CEO] Hey everyone, I'm Suzy.

[CMO] And Norm is here to my left.

[CTO] Hey, I'm Norm. Do you want to keep hosting The Show, or do you want me to say the next thing?

[CMO] Yeah, I'll keep hosting The Show, but we, so, first of all, this is still unscripted video, and it's a new format for me.  I want to keep doing this every week so that in a few months, when we have a software product to release, we'll be in the habit of doing a weekly show, and we can start inviting guests, like people who are doing really cool stuff that is actively building on our software, or maybe it could, and so we can have a brainstorm, and it would be a chance for the person to promote the work they're already doing, and have a brainstorm about ways to take it to the next level by incorporating our software. Not only our software but our community, and The Show is all about building the community.  Why don't you talk about that, Suzy.

[CEO] We had no plan to talk about building community, but this is the beauty of the unscripted format, is stuff will come up during The Show, and it's always so different than when we're ruminating in our minds without the camera. We think of all these odd thoughts, and I wish we had a way to record all of them and then curate, but there's no practical way to do that, so the approximation of that is to develop the skill of waiting until Sunday morning when we do our hour long talk show, and then whatever thoughts have been developing in our mind will come out during this hour.

[CEO] In theory, they'll come out.  What we've experienced is we develop ideas but we generally don't talk about the ideas we've developed.  The stuff we talk about on the live or unscripted show is often completely unplanned.  Norm, say something.

[CTO] Dude, I think you should say something.

[CMO] Ok, I'll ask you a more specific question next time.  Let's talk about, one of the things we've thought about is we've only done three hour long shows, if you include the first one that I hosted, that was the 0th episode, and then we've got the first and second episodes, which were hosted by Suzy.  I'm already starting to forget what topics we covered.  These were hour long episodes, so I'm sure we're gonna start overlapping.  We wanted to talk about artificial intelligence today, and I think we talked about that before.  We've also talked a lot about what the different characters, I mean, and we want to revisit that as well, and we haven't talked in any real detail about the software we're doing, and I hope we'll build to that at the end of the episode.  That, I'm sure will be new, and we have some visuals here, right behind where Suzy's standing.

[CEO] Yes, I'm hiding the visuals. I'll be presenting them later in the episode.  I wrote the board.

[CMO] Thank you for clarifying that you wrote the wonderful visuals we have.  We want to talk about the software we're doing.  I assume we're gonna jump into it.  Why don't Suzy, let's do this right now.

[CEO] Ok, so this is the diagram of something you can do in our software.  You can represent users with objects and links.  Our software is like a semantic web, so everything is an object or link, and you can manage all different kinds of information.  We're gonna use it to publish our book, TheSuzy.com Show, which includes chapters, and each chapter is a bunch of speeches by different characters, and the speeches, of course, are made up of different sentences and words, and we want to break all of those into these objects that are linked together so you can comment on individual sentences or even individual words, and comments can have a type like, you can be like, this comment is a concept such as cross dressing, or autism, these are two of the more powerful concepts that are discussed in the book, and what we want to do is capture all of the context that comes up when we mention those concepts, so that, for example, when I talk about autism, or cross dressing, here in TheSuzy.com Show, you can, sorry, in the video that we're doing right now, we'll eventually transcribe the video and represent all the stuff we're saying.

When we switch characters that will be represented by an object, like which character's talking, and we'll see all of the stuff the character says, and if I refer to a concept like cross dressing, that will also have an object that will be like, at position, like, five minutes and twenty seconds, I talked about cross dressing, and then you can connect whatever I was talking about in this video to whatever the character in TheSuzy.com book is saying, and that allows for a whole new level of conversation that may help us solve important social problems and plug in to promoting the mission of other organizations and communities.

Anyway, I just pitched the idea, but this is almost like a person whose shoulder I can lean on, because the actual implementation of what I'm doing; This is a visual for all the objects and links showing two use cases, one is my user account, Suzy, and it has an ID, 123, and then the Suzy account has a child account called email, which is, for practical purposes, when I login to my account I need to be able to tell the system what my email is, so if I need to recover my password, or if they want to spam me with updates about exciting new products (LAUGHS) and services being promoted through the site, I can provide my email for that, and we use the software to do all the underlying mechanics. We use the objects and links model, so rather than do this in the traditional way, this is a concept they call dog fooding, where a business uses its own software to solve its own problems, so this is like dog fooding within the software, not so much within the business.

The software is using the generic, general purpose objects and links data model to solve the most standard problems of storing user email.  The big idea we had to solve to do this is to represent; There's two queries you need to be able to do. You have the user object, and you wanna get the email.  In the objects and links model, we don't necessarily lay this out like a database record, where email is a field or a column in a database row, or, and that's the same thing as a spreadsheet, it's not like you have the email column and you can just go to that offset in the table.  You don't know where the email object is, so we create a lookup and the way we do that is very complicated.  We wrote a post on social media about how that works, and it sounds like total gibberish but I think it's going to work.  Maybe Norm, do you want to talk about it?

[CTO] If we talk slower, and don't have to keep up the frenetic pace of you guys way of communicating, I can probably go through it.  It's down here more, so the idea of a field, the email is a field of the user object; A field in our system is defined as a function from a set of other fields, so the idea is, we're gonna take these other fields and apply a list of values to the function.  A field is a function. It takes a list of values and returns a single value.  And we're making the simplifying assumption that it always returns a single value instead of, so, it's a map. For every set of input values, there's exactly one value that comes out, as opposed to a multi-map which could have multiple values come out.

What we're doing is creating a domain specific language for implementing functions, and it turns out that this particular type of function we're implementing comes up all the time when you're trying to do useful work on the graph data model.  It's hard to know whether any abstraction is useful or not.  My experience doing professional engineering was that you just know, when you're two years into building a system, if you knew everything you knew then, at the outset, you could have done the same thing in like, literally a tenth the time.  This is why they talk about 10x engineers, is if you have the right mindset or domain knowledge for what you're working on, and you build the right thing from the beginning, you can get ten times as much useful work done as someone who goes down the wrong path, either because they were unlucky or because they were incompetent. It's often hard to tell the difference, but our hope is that we're taking a risk, we're going down a path, we're implementing this field abstraction where each field is defined as a series of other fields, where you take the input values and you apply these values to each field, and you get those return values, and so the first list is like, the list of fields that we apply the values to, the second list is a list of values and we give those two purposes, one is to do defensive type checking, so this helps reveal bugs. If you say I'm expecting these values to come out, but then some of these values are NULL, and when there's a NULL value.

I'm totally lost, I can't do this live.  Part of the challenge; Why don't you explain?

[CMO] That was awesome, Norm.  The challenge with this particular abstraction is we haven't implemented it yet, and so this is actually part of the power of media, is to show the reality of risk taking and living with the outcomes.  The worst case scenario would be that this is a bunch of nonsense.  That's not gonna harm anyone, it took up a few minutes of our time, it takes up a few minutes of the time of anyone who is viewing this, but both us and the viewer, even in the worst case, might learn something about how to put together language and about how to avoid making bad design choices.

The other side of it though, is it's probably going to work very well. We've been thinking about this abstraction for a few days, and it may just be a really smart abstraction that, like any good startup business, that looks at an important social problem and is like, "Hmm, a lot of time is being wasted here, and if we automate that, so you can get the same social good produced, whether it's a public health service or delivering food where it's needed, something like that, or providing effective educational services, that creates more equal opportunity."

All these kind of things, there's lots of bottlenecks that make those services hard to provide, so if you can automate a bottleneck, you not only get more social good with less people hours, and people hours cost money, so that's a limited resource, for an organization that has to raise money every year, they have a limited budget, so they can get more good done with the same budget, then something even bigger happens. Once you eliminate a bottleneck, it unlocks whole new ways of doing things, so you can get economies of scale, is one example.  Suddenly this service we could only provide to one person at a time, if we have an automated way to do it with people who don't need as much training; Now we can switch to producing that thing in a factory instead of; We could just order ten times as much of it, and that allows the factory to build a machine that does what you used to have to hire someone to do manually, and then suddenly you get economies of scale and that amplifies things even more, and you get this loop of increased possibility by implementing a good abstraction, so that's the big picture of why we get excited about an abstraction, even if we're just writing a piece of code that's not in use yet, we know that cycle of positive impact is possible anytime you have a good abstraction.

[CEO] I want to bring it back to the abstraction Norm is trying to explain.  We're defining a field as a function, and we've come up with this way of defining functions.  You can define any function by writing code, but we don't want to write a custom function for everything.  It's ten times more work than what this abstraction would allow us to do.  You just put in a list of fields and a list of default values, and you're done, and you can make use of that over and over again, rather than litter the code with all these special functions which have to be written. You still get this 10x improvement, and there's a cognitive benefit once you learn to think in terms of our way of defining fields. You'll be able to develop functionality on top of our data model at a 10 times faster rate.

[CTO] It's painful that we can't detail the abstraction.  I don't know if this is a sign of not being as sharp as some engineers.  I don't care.  That may be a strength.  The idea is there.  If we work through it on the white board, it makes sense.  We can write the code and verify the code does exactly what we thought it would do.  It's just that this idea is complicated enough that I'm stalling in trying to explain it without having the benefit of notes, and there would be a solid five minute pause while I figure this out, and we can't do that in the unscripted video.

[CMO] Yeah.  We'll have to implement this and then it will make sense to put in the work of doing a tech talk with slides.  We'll practice the tech talk.  We'll write it out and memorize it and then riff on that, and we'll be better at doing that because of the practice we're doing with unscripted video.  It's two different modes.  It doesn't make sense to do unscripted tech talks.

[CEO] I hope one day we can do an unscripted tech talk, but I agree, the purpose of this video series needs to be focused on interviewing people and talking about the uses of our software rather than how the software works.

[CMO] But, Suzy, this is the problem with motivating people.  So many socially valuable projects that need to get done;  If you look at it, the bottleneck is on the software implementation, which is connected to social media marketing, being able to get the word out requires as much customization as you can afford to do. The more you can customize your campaign and build custom landing pages and gather the right information in the right moment, in a context sensitive way about your users, the more you can add leverage to whatever the core social good is you're providing.

[CTO] You guys know I'm super cynical about all this social good stuff.  You guys are so optimized on going to parties and saying what people want to hear.  You're like, oh, we work with these five organizations, and they all have catchy names, and they all do something that's like, you're a horrible person if you're not like, "Wow, that's obviously a social good.  You're making the world better every time that thing gets done." That's what you guys do.  It works.  It allows you to build trust relationships with people, and I think it's very self serving. Yeah, you're doing some good, but at the end of the day, you're mostly just looking out for yourself and the other people in your trust network.

[CMO] I understand your cynicism and, we ought to clarify, Norm is the true authentic self of us.  I'm more of a character who smoothes over communication with all different kinds of people.  Normal people.  Calling him Norm is an ironic joke because Norm doesn't follow social norms, but I do.  That's why I exist.  I go out and say hi to people, I shake hands, I smile, and I keep the flow going.  If people are like, "There's a misunderstanding," I jump on that. I'm like, "Wait a minute, I think there's a misunderstanding.  What do you think happened?  Here's my perception of what happened.  How do you feel about that?" I work through stuff, and I do the little body language things that make people really happy, and I'm all for that.  I enjoy being able to get that positive reaction from other people, just like Suzy does.

[CEO] I innovated all that, before. In the beginning there was Norm, and then I appeared, this female character who got a very different reaction from people, and we learned it's easier to communicate when you can keep a positive flow of reactions going.  Then Norman came along to be a more masculine version of me.

[CMO] What is the difference?  What is it that makes me more masculine versus you, and what is it that makes you feminine?

[CEO] I have no idea.  Part of being a socially normal character is we don't talk about things like that.  We just accept that I'm more feminine.

[CMO] And I'm more masculine.

[CEO] But Norm, you're allowed to break social norms, or I perhaps I should say you enjoy it.  Maybe you could comment.

[CTO] I don't enjoy breaking social norms.  That's not the right way to put it.  I am simply a being who does not naturally follow social norms, and upon reflecting on that, a lot of our social norms are bad habits.  They come to us through the inertia of history.  Habits that are shared across many people and mutually enforced;  They don't make sense.  We'd be better off to stop doing these habits.

[CMO] Yeah, but you didn't answer my question.  What makes me masculine versus Suzy, who is more feminine?

[CEO] Yes, Norm, what makes me feminine vs. Norman, who is more masculine?

[CTO] It's a thousand little things, and I'm gonna bring it back to the software.  One of the things we could do with the software, is take these videos, and analyze every little detail of the body language, and we'll do that, partially, with automated analysis, and also get a lot of people, like crowdsourcing, people to mark up what microexpressions did I do, and then link those microexpressions to the overall body language, and the words we're saying, and the pacing of the words, and the tone of the words, all of those things are important for understanding the meanings being projected, and how do we know the meaning?  We ask people. We ask a thousand people to comment, "What is meant by this?" and you'll see patterns in what people are perceiving, and once we understand those patterns, we can look at some of these big social issues, having to do with race, we talk a lot about autism.  When I read the literature about autism, I'm like, well that's a lot like me.  Me and REDACTED have that shared experience of reading about autism and being like, "Wow that sounds like me," but then it's like, wait a minute.  I'm a successful engineer, he's a wildly famous successful comedian, so how can that be called a debilitating mental impairment? It doesn't make any sense.

[CMO] So that's an opportunity to do social good.  We don't want to start an argument with people who make that statement.  Those people are very well intentioned.  People are like, "You see there's a population of people with the diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder, and they're really struggling, and their families and care givers are struggling.  They need help.  Concrete, immediate assistance from society, so they can enjoy the equal benefits of being a member of society," but we can help make that happen by getting deeper into what is similar about our life experience and the life experience of someone who has a diagnosis.

[CEO] I want to jump in.  Norman is more comfortable with the normative viewpoint where he's like, "Oh, you know, I've thought a lot about autism.  I, heck, I'm imitating Norman, (NORMAN) maybe I could even get a diagnosis, but that's not a good use of time because I'm;"

[CMO] You're imitating me?  I just want to clarify that you're imitating me.

[CEO] Yes, I'm initiating you (NORMAN) I just need to focus on understanding the challenges of other people in my community and come up with good solutions and help implement them, because that's what I'm most able to do, that's positive and proactive. (DONE)  My point is that Norman finds it convenient to take that attitude, but because he's this male character, when he goes to parties, and people are responding positively to him, he has the right, it's ironic, Norman's true authentic self is Norm, and Norm does not, I mean, people do not respond well to him at parties, but Norman is this fake character that's built on top of Norm, and people do respond positively to that, statistically. Most people are mean to Norm, but most people light up with positivity when Norman does all his little stuff.

[CMO] What do you mean by all my little stuff.  What are you talking about?

[CEO] Like right there, you're doing it right there.  You're stupid smile.

[CMO] It's not stupid.  What about my smile is stupid?  Explain that to me?

[CEO] I'm just giving you a hard time, don't take yourself so seriously, Norman.

[CMO] Let's get back to your point.  What was your point?

[CEO] Yes, my point was that by being a feminine person in a male body, I've seen some patterns of discrimination that are frustrating, and, you see, Norman didn't always have the ability to do his stupid smile that gets positive reactions.

[CMO] It's not stupid.  That's not a nice thing to say, Suzy.  I'm just smiling, and my face looks like this.  It's not perfectly symmetrical.  Maybe that's what you're getting at, but people respond positively to it, and that's what counts.  Why do you feel the need to call it stupid?

[CEO] The main reason I can call it stupid is because it's fake and everyone knows it's fake.

[CMO] I don't think people know that.  It only becomes fake because you called it fake.  I'm doing it very naturally.  There's a profound authenticity to the way I smile.

[CEO] Ok, you tell yourself that.  I just think you're good at faking it.  Like I was saying, I could be accused of faking things too, but I don't get the same pass you get.  People are like, "Hey, wait a minute.  Are you gay?  Are you transgender?  Are you doing this to get attention?"  People don't ask you any of those questions because you have this masculine way of doing your stupid smile.

[CMO] I agree on that one.  I don't get asked those kinds of questions, but you do get a lot of open mindedness that I don't get.

[CEO] That's a dangerous path to go down.  What do you mean by that, Norman?

[CMO] I'm gonna leave it at that.  The way we present ourselves is open to interpretation, and depending on whether people are gonna see different opportunities for common ground; Those differences in the common ground; That's easy to create, given each of our unique opportunities, and you have some unique opportunities that are a lot less accessible to me.

[CEO] Yes, but nobody says that.  That sounds like something Norm would say.  Are you sure you're not just saying something on behalf of Norm instead of speaking from you heart, Norman?

[CMO] I enjoy having common ground with Norm.  Norm and I get along well.  That's essential to what we're doing.

[CTO] I agree with what Norman said.  I'm not as much of a loose cannon as you guys seem to think.  I understand that it's not helpful to talk about the unique opportunities of being something other than a privileged white male.  It's just not a good topic, even though I could say a lot about it, the only way it's appropriate to talk about that is through a comprehensive discussion that includes a lot of people with different perspectives, and a lot of data, where we're commenting on the data, in an organized way, and there's a process for changing the way we comment.  We need real process to ensure fairness.  These are things I'm good at.  I don't get any applauses on stage, or if I'm talking to a group of people at a party, if I'm talking about the need for process when we talk about social justice.  Everyone's gonna tune out, but that doesn't mean I feel the need to go off in left field and be like, just make a bunch of controversial statements.  I'm controversial because I'm boring. I'm not controversial because I'm rude and insensitive.

[CMO] Being boring.  What is it about being boring?  What makes you boring?  Just as I ask what makes me masculine and Suzy feminine, what makes me interesting vs. you being boring?  Why are you more boring than me?

[CTO] That's a big question.  I'm glad you asked.  That one question captures so much.  What is the problem with being boring?  It doesn't; There's nothing wrong with it, it just means I have less opportunity to share ideas with other people.

[CMO] Yeah, but why do you have less opportunity.  Explain that to me.  You're in a mindset that is highly productive.  You could get a lot of useful work done and create a lot of social good by sharing ideas from that place, and maybe even bring other people into that place with you.  Why can you not do that?

[CTO] Oh, you're gonna put it on me?  My view is, much more so than either of you guys, that I am doing something that's very authentic, that's very rooted in the reality of my neurology, and if other people are not talking to me, that's because they don't like my neurology, they perceive that I have a certain way of being, and they turn away from it, and it is illogical, it's wrong for me to change my authentic way of being.  We have a way of doing.  You and Suzy are a very mature and comprehensive way of presenting a facade that addresses the negative reactions of other people.  Anything that's less sophisticated than you guys is really immature and fake, and I don't bother with that.  I'm not gonna do little things that appease other people who are turning away from.

[CMO] Obviously, it's a filter.

[CTO] Don't even go there, you're; Because you don't believe it.  It's the whole idea of, "So what if some people turn away, I should just hang out with the people who don't turn away."  The problem is, there's almost nobody who doesn't turn away.  1000 out of 1000 people in San Francisco are gonna turn away from this, and 500 out of a 1000 people will be engaged with either Norman or Suzy, and it's like, yeah, which 500 they are is different, but they're roughly having equal opportunity, where as I'm getting no engagement from anybody.  The only engagement I have is through very structured stuff like, "Oh we need someone who will write code, you can write code, why don't you do that for us, but don't ask too many questions, don't say too many things on your own behalf. We'll give you a budget of how much stuff you can say, and we'll pretend that we like it even though what we really want is for you to just sit there and quietly write code."  That's how I'm engaged by; It's everyone, ok maybe 999 out of 1000.  There's a very small group of people who I can have more genuine open discussions with.  I'm just not;  My identity doesn't exist.  I only exist through you guys.

[CMO] That's sad.  I feel sad that you feel that way.  I'm skeptical of the numbers you're putting out there.  Maybe it's more like 1 in 10 or 1 in 50. Those numbers are a lot more reasonable.  Like yeah, who cares about the 49? They're different from you. Let them do their thing.  You should hang out with the 1 in 50 who are like you, and there's a lot of people like you in the bay area.  People who go into software engineering and enjoy the intellectual challenge and enjoy talking about process, they're here, and they're doing well.  These are people who either start companies or take on high responsibility, high impact roles in successful companies, so what's the problem?  Just talk with the 1 in 50 who are like you.

[CTO] I dispute that it's 1 in 50 who are willing to have that conversation.  I would agree there is 1 in 50 people who are a lot like me, but almost all of them are doing the same thing, where they hide this, and the way I say this is my true authentic self, they don't do that.  They're deeply, for years, they've been in the habit of trying to unify who they are with the Norman, the facade character.  The fact that we separate the two and give them different names, like right off the bat, it filters everyone, like much closer to 999 out of 1000 people are gonna be like, "I don't understand.  That's not how I live," and they're not gonna engage if I present myself this way.

[CMO] The way we're doing it's good.  I'm not gonna argue with you.  If that's the way you feel; That's the point, is that you are authentic. You're proudly authentic.  That is how you feel.  That's how you perceive the world, and I know you're a scientist.  If you say you perceive the world that way, it means you are prepared to defend that with data.  Maybe not today, but in ten years, you're gonna come back with data that defends what you're saying, and if the data disagrees with what you're saying, you're gonna be the first to admit that, and I respect that about where you're coming from, Norm, and in the mean time, I'll go out and make conversation with 1 out of 2 people who are totally cool with the way I present myself.

[CEO] That's pretty ambitious.  I get 1 in 2, but I don't know about you, Norman.

[CMO] Oh Suzy, you're so playful today.  Let's figure out what we're gonna do to wrap up The Show.

[CEO] Let's do some improv comedy.  Hey Norm, tell me about the software you're doing.

[CTO] It's, I was talking about it before, it's a decentralized social; It's actually a lot like a social network, but we're not trying to build a feature for feature comparison for REDACTED. We want to create a general purpose tool for managing information which is outside the domain of what REDACTED does.  I like to think of it as surrounding REDACTED, and we're gonna open source it, and there will be thousands, that's a nice round number; There will be thousands of people running an instance of the software for managing different kinds of information. They'll be signing up non-profit organizations to do cool stuff.  It's very leveraged, high branching factor for these ideas if we open source the software.

[CMO] And the key to it is the software is a good abstraction.  This is where we started, saying the power of creating a good abstraction; If we've got this idea for defining fields as functions that specify constraints that spider over the graph, and that idea will remove a bottle neck for how all kinds of people and organizations solve information management problems;  It's bigger than standard business optimization.  This is a cultural shift we're talking about.  The way we think about information, and the way information; The way we interact with information to make all of that is gonna change.

[CEO] I agree completely.  Our software, we call it Pergraph.  Pergraph is the engine that will power individual sites such as my site, TheSuzy.com, and you could say Norman's site is Tsuzy.com, which is more of an AI, like a discussion board for people who want to talk about artificial intelligence and drones and the future of military technology.  My site is more about culture at large.  Fashion will be a big part of it.  Education, making computer science education more accessible, will be a big part of TheSuzy Show, and also computer science integrated with entrepreneurship.  There's a shared understanding that it's a good way to make education effective.  If you show the opportunities for entrepreneurs to have careers, and a positive impact, and incorporate knowledge of coding and other technical subjects, as needed, to achieve those end goals of entrepreneurship;

[CMO] I love how you're focused, Suzy.  You often start out with these simple, catchy ways of talking, and then you start grinding on the details, and that's the key, in order; In several years, if we do this show every week, that tendency for you to grind on the details and think of everything and work through it methodically; That is going to lead to much bigger outcomes that can compound on each other.

[CTO] You guys are both doing the same thing.  You start out acting like you're not me.  That's what you're doing.  You're framing yourself as more shallow, light weight conversationalists than you really are, and the longer you talk, the more you sound like me, going into great detail over stuff that is not gonna reach; That's not going to be immediately inspiring to 999 out of 1000 people.  You guys need to work on not becoming me.

[CMO] That's difficult in this format of conversation.  Where Suzy and I come to life is when we are speaking with another person, truly someone who's in a different body, not just a character who's in the same body.  We respond to the energy of other people, where as, and that's one of the things that's not captured here, is Norm doesn't.  He responds intellectually, but not with the body language and the emotional expressions.  The value Suzy and I bring will be more clear when we have guests.

[CEO] And we will have guests on The Show!  In fact, anyone who wants to be a guest, you're welcome to join.  We probably won't do any guests until after the new year.  We've got several more weeks until then, so we'll keep practicing the unscripted video format, but what we found is we can't go into the detail about code, so we need to bring on guests who offer a whole new perspective, and new ideas.  There's only so many things.  We're focused on building a software platform, and the more we focus, the less new topics we're gonna have to talk about.

[CMO] That's good.  We spend a lot of time reading the news and reading all these random articles in REDACTED, but it's not helping us be productive on building the software, and building the software is our big contribution for the next few months.  We've gotta build this thing and then all the stuff we've been talking about, like empowering other people, reducing bottlenecks, finding common ground.  Our software's gonna have all those impacts in a potentially leveraged way that's really exciting. What could happen in two years, or five years, there could be millions of people using this field thing that we tried and failed to explain today, and that reminds me.  Talk about the thing;

[CEO] The thing was, I hate it when this happens in our videos.  I don't hate it.  I just wish that we had a better way to get through this.  It's a bottleneck in our unscripted videos that sometimes the most interesting big ideas; They just disappear on us because we're trying to speak in the moment and keep the flow going.

[CTO] I'm gonna pause as long as it takes to think of the big idea.  It's that the field abstraction we came up with will change how AI systems are built on top of a graph data model.  Our hope is that it will be a breakthrough innovation in AI.  It's one of those really practical innovations where it's not going to; It doesn't have that ring of, "Wow there's this genius who climbed up," like scaled the face of a mountain that mere mortals could not have scaled. It's more of a, we climbed the mountain by building a better organization.  We got a lot of people involved.  We sat down and created a taxonomy of problems and details that need to be handled, and then we raised the money, and, it's a community building thing.  We built a community and then shared the responsibility of solving all these problems, and now we're in a position where we can walk to the summit without taking a lot of risk.  It's very methodical.

[CMO] That's what we're doing in our mind.  Our mind is approaching the problem of solving AI in that methodical way. We hope that we will transition to almost fractal-like, imitating that practical, one step at a time approach, to building an actual community of other developers and users, and partners, with this open source, decentralized semantic web we're building. For now, we're doing that in our own mind.  Our neurons are imitating the organization builder much more than they're imitating the amazing rock face scaler form of innovation.

[CEO] And I'm going to jump in and take some credit for that because this is my specialty.  We came from a background of software engineering, and we wanted to relate to all kinds of people much more easily.  I hate.  Ooh, I keep saying the word hate.  It's a bad habit.  I see opportunities for improvement in, what was the thing?

[CMO] You were about to say you hate something. I forgot what it was.  This is where you're cute, Suzy, and it works out well.  You're not actually a good conversationalist.  You just pretend to be one, and people are fascinated by how you do that.  The vulnerability;

[CEO] Oh yeah, I'm not going to comment on what you're saying there.  We're all good conversationalists in different ways, and what I was saying was I don't like the phrase, "All different kinds of people," because it implies there's a set of categories people fit into, and my view is, every single person is as unique as everyone else.  It's not like some people fit a category and some people don't.  We're not in categories.  We're all individuals.  What you're saying is, I have certain patterns in my conversation; That sometimes, you could scientifically measure the engagement rate of my way of saying things, is not as high as the engagement rate of someone else, but that's just one data point.  That's one metric.  There's a lot of other metrics that might be equally valuable, and who even cares about metrics.  We have to just be, and let experience unfold around us.

[CMO] That's what I do as well.  I want to reconcile that with the process of building the software and using the software to affect positive outcomes in the world.  How do you do that? Maybe we don't want to say all different kinds of people, but can we at least say all different kinds of problems, all different kinds of challenges that can be addressed with all different kinds of solutions?

[CTO] That's a core value, is that we do categorize problems and solutions, and technologies, but we don't categorize people.  This is a core value.  This is why you have core values.

[CMO] Yeah, but isn't that arbitrary.  What makes people different from software?  Why can't we elevate software to that same level of dignity that we elevate people to, where we respect the individuality of every piece of software?

[CEO] Because it's not true. Software is not anywhere close to being as complex and varied as the human is.  Human beings are still orders of magnitude more complicated and nuanced than any software application.  You can say it's hard pragmatism that we have this shared value, that humans are unique and have dignity. Software does not.  Software is something you can put into buckets, and expect it to solve well defined problems in a predictable way.  Software exists to help us, and not the other way around.

[CMO] That's fine.  It's a good core value for the next few years.  I do think longer term, we want to elevate software to the same level as humans.

[CTO] The question is, "How do you make sure you don't go the other way and devalue humans down to the position of software?" and I'm very thoughtful about that because I feel that's part of what's going on with me, because I don't do the thousand little body language and pacing things you do when you're telling stories, and so people devalue my humanity because I don't do those things.  That's my claim. It's this weird thing where people are like, "No we don't do that", I'm like, "Yeah you do, I can collect data that proves your treating me in the same dehumanizing way that you would treat a dog, or that you would treat an artificially intelligent chatbot."  It's clear I'm being othered. I'm being treated as a second class citizen because I don't do the thousand little human things, and that's so ironic because the thousand little human things are actually pretty shallow.  The stuff you're doing with body language, spoken language, and storytelling; That's stuff we can capture in software.  The totality of my humanity is the thing that still goes orders of magnitude more in depth than any software application that exists.  It's ironic.

[CMO] And, I agree completely with that.  It's fair game to say, "Hey I'm playing a character, and my character consists of doing a few thousand little things with body language that are integrated with the stories I tell, and the idioms I use, the way I put together sentences, and the pacing I use."  That stuff, we can document it.  It's going to be difficult. We're going to need to write new software, build a community, inspire people to put in a lot of hours tagging things, and then doing sound statistical analysis, but we'll get it done.

We'll get that done in a couple years.  It's very straight forward, and it will reveal that the things I'm doing are very concrete and very shallow, but they create a predictable response where people are elevating me to that level of humanity, where my unique life experience is respected as unknowable and constantly evolving and perfect, you might say, where as Norm, simply because he doesn't do this same shallow layer; He's being devalued to the level of software where people expect him to play a role and fit into certain buckets and accept that, and if he speaks his mind and tries to assert his humanity, people view that as a bug.  They're like, "We'll put up with the guy trying assert himself and express himself, but we're just putting up with it.  We don't want him to do those things.  We're hoping he'll be quiet and write software."

[CEO] That's a harsh statement.  I wish we could say that more succinctly, but to tie back into what I was saying about how I receive some discrimination for being a feminine person in a male body, I get it.  I'm not being devalued all the way to the level of software, but it's more like a threat.  A lot of people come at me with this, "Oh you're feminine and that doesn't make sense, so explain to me why I should treat you like a unique human with dignity."  I'm always having to defend that, and so I relate to what Norm's saying, and therefore, I'm really glad you're speaking up for him and making a strong statement about how it's not ok the way he's treated, and it's an area for improvement in how our culture works, and even in our community with our friends, as we build a team, to help build software within that team, this is a major area for improvement, is to make sure we're respecting the full, unique dignity of each person, regardless of whether they're feminine or masculine, or whether they act like Norm, or they act like Norman with his REDACTED patterns of body language.  All of those things should be independent of the fact that we are human and we have unique, unknowable complexity.


[[Final Episode]]

A definitive but now undistributed initial version of this finale was recorded in June, 2015.

[Norman] Hi, and welcome to the final episode of TheSuzy.com Reality Virtual Show.  We're filming across from the peninsula, at a land bridge, on the other side of the bay, and we're in studio with Suzy, who joins us from the right.

[Suzy] Hey everyone, I'm Suzy!

[Norman] And this is my true authentic self, Norm, who's standing to my left.

[Norm] (DEEP VOICE) Hey, I'm Norm.

[Norman] As you may have noticed, I'm speaking in my original accent, in place of the general American accent I was affecting during the previous episodes.

[Suzy] Okay. So what's your last name, (NORMAN) Mr. Norman?

[Norman] Thanks for asking, (SUZY) Miss Suzy (DONE).  When I was in the 4th grade, which is when I became a full fledged video game player, I created a tough guy character for myself whose name was Norman Blackwell.  He was a mashup of the word, "black," and the artist Norman Rockwell, who painted a widely seen cover of (POINTS AT SUZY) Rosie the Riveter stompn' on a copy of Mein Kamph!

[Suzy] (SHAKES HEAD) Yup.

[Norman] In retrospect, that early prototype of my persona might have been inspired by a minor incident where I was at a movie theater.  I was holding a ten dollar bill for buying popcorn, and another kid, who was smaller than me, I might add, grabbed it real quick, put it in his pocket, and walked away like nothing had happened.  And I just stood there, dumbfounded.

I forget what the resolution was between me and the authority figures who had given me the bill, but I'm sure it could be framed in a way where I had a concerning problem with basic trust and security for a boy my age, regardless of whether or not that's true.

[Suzy] I could also frame that as a sweet little kid who sounds reasonable and empathetic, all things considered.  I mean, if you've got a problem with people framing your life experiences in a negative way, and you want me to go to bat for you in every context that matters, just give me the word!  I was born for this.  Speaking of which, let's do this like an interview on public radio.

[Norm] Yeah.  I'll ask questions that a reputable academic might ask, and for the record, I'll be speaking in reader voice, as made famous by the fully abstracted parody that's used by both the media and the advertising industry.

[Norman] Media platforms that we played with as kids?  The culture hacking industry?  What are you talking about, Norm?

[Norm] Nevermind, I'll just ask some questions.  That's all.

[Norman] Wait, Suzy. Do you know what they're talking about?

[Suzy] I do, but let's leave a few details unspoken.

[Norman] I'm just trying to understand.  Are you and Norm colluding to restart the rumor that The Speak and Spell was part of a communist mind control scheme?

[Suzy] Oooh, I forgot about The Speak and Read!  She was our first robot. Discharge the Tesla coils and max out the motors of your radio controlled cars!  A future chatbot is in our midst!

[Norm] That's good, so, let's get started.  Tell us about your parents and the places where you grew up.

[Norman] I was born and raised by my parents in North Carolina.

[Suzy] My parents grew up in REDACTED and REDACTED, respectively, before meeting each other near REDACTED.  What else should we know?

[Norman] My Dad was an engineer who worked on the control systems for large industrial processes in REDACTED.  My Dad helped me figure out how to program computers, and he inspired me to become an engineer.

My Mom encouraged me to learn touch typing, and I, bless my soul, I proceeded to ignore her suggestion because I wanted to continue emulating my Dad's decidedly more improvised, "hunt and peck," style of typing, but after we went through the motions of learning to touch type at school, my productivity at programming computers went up by a factor of ten, and that first taste of what it meant to be a 10x engineer helped me learn the wisdom of always listening to BOTH of my parents.

[Suzy] Yes, and President Obama himself once went on the record to say, "Early in Oprah Winfrey's career, her bosses told her she should change her name to Suzy, because everyone can relate to Suzy," and then he made a joke about how he had gotten the same advice.

[Norman] Is that why you named yourself Suzy?  I always thought you were representing the concept of Suzy Q homemaker, as made famous in Betty Draper's book, "The Feminine Mystique."

[Suzy] No.  I'm a Don, but you could totally become the Betty Friedan of the Men's Rights Movement.

[Norman] Aww shucks, a cabal of gamer gator's already fell on that sword.  The film adaptation is now some other producer's tussle of belief to engage, enrage, and then pivot to a no holds barred fight to Raise The Minimum Wage!

[Suzy] Are you ok?  You seem out of sync.

[Norman] Sorry.  My left shark's acting up again. It'll pass.

[Suzy] My heavens, don't tell Princess Kate.  She might go gaga and die.

[Norman] That comment was way, far out of line.

[Suzy] (NORMAN) Frankly, Norman, we've lost the edge. (DONE)  But the glue is holding on tight. (WEEPS)

[Norman] Great Scott!

[Suzy] Hello, Captain.

[Norman] Let's reify that with code, my lovely Swift Boat Captain for truth.

[Suzy] Don't make me feature you in The Great American Video Channel of Silicon Valley.

[Norman] Just make sure you don't sell your stock before the quantitative self-dealin is done.

[Suzy] Anyway, an infinite (MODERN) Taylor series (DONE) of references kept our home life quiet, most of the time.  There's a great photo of me as young kid, not more than six years old, pulling all the books off the bookshelf and throwing them in a pile on the floor.  That action was pretty loud, I guess.  On the other hand, my parents didn't attend many parties, and I didn't risk rejection at parties as a teenager, either.

[Norman] That reminds of a moment in high school, and, by the way, I went to a prestigious boarding school, if we can call it that, because it measures up well on various metrics, and what not, because when I was a student there, I asked a friend, without irony, "Why are people attending this movement session?" and I think that speaks to how far down I was on the spectrum of curiosity, you might say.

[Norm] That's fair.  So, what was the role of religion in your home?

[Norman] I was surrounded by Christian memes growing up, but factually speaking, my family didn't go to church.  We curated space for organizations like the Boy Scouts and summer camps to provide me with the keys to the kingdom of a religious education.  I also went to a private day school with a lot of kids from Jewish families.  We had Hanukkah parties along side with Christmas parties, and I'm glad I grew up viewing that as normal.

[Suzy] And more recently, I realized books themselves had religious meaning in our home.  There was a Bible on the shelf, always, but it was implicitly framed as just one of several hundred important books.  I didn't discover all those books weren't just there for decoration until after I started writing a book about my own identity.

[Norm] Books.  What else did you notice as a kid?  What did you dream of doing when you grew up?

[Suzy] I was the kid who did competitive running and computer stuff because I was good at math.  My family got a computer when I was in the 1st grade, and I used it to write LOGO programs and learn about video games.  Everyone told me I should become the next Bill Gates, either that, or a space voyager!

[Norman] And, FYI, the meme of being the next Bill Gates is now loaded because, right after I graduated college, I went back to my high school as a teaching intern, and I advised the senior project of a student named REDACTED.  If nothing else, the history that followed, ever since 2001, weighs heavily upon the meaning of the phrase, "Aspiring to be the next Bill Gates."

[Suzy] Oh my. You simply must tell us more!

[Norman] I could tell you about my contribution to the social media revolution, but then I'd have to;

[Suzy] Have to what?

[Norman] Forget about it.  The state of the game board in my brain just feels vaguely Orwellian.  (SUZY) That's all.

[Suzy] Both players should advance more pawns to the other side in order to increase the number of queens on the board!

[Norman] Why do you always go one step further?  Let's change the game to, "Live and let flow."

[Suzy] That's haut.  Not!

[Norman] Is there a problem?

[Suzy] No problem. The tower has asked us to remain in a holding pattern.  Everything's cool.  Have another Appletini, my darling.

[Norm] Ok.  Norman is speaking in an accent, and Suzy is presenting as a woman.  How do you people self identify?

[Suzy] When I dress like a guy, I identify as Norman the male, but when I dress like this (POINTS AT SELF) at tech industry networking events, I can, and often do, optimize my interpersonal communication bandwidth by telling people my name is Suzy.  When people insist on knowing my preference, I don't always become a James Bond version of myself, but when I do, I prefer to tell the pseudo joke, "It's always safe to call me NormSuzy."

[Norm] Got it.  What's the first thought that pops into your mind when I say, "LGBTQ."

[Norman] LGBQT?  I'm a lexical geek at heart, and when I was in the 5th grade, I made my first dress out of a long t-shirt, and my first heels by duct taping tennis balls to beach sandals. I was never caught or confronted, but at that time, at the beginning of puberty, I viewed the whole charade as my deepest, darkest secret.  I knew it wasn't technically illegal to cross dress, but I still placed it in the category of stealing alcohol, and for the record, I never did that.

[Suzy] And it's important to clarify that because?

[Norman] I don't know.  Why do you ask?

[Suzy] It's like, "You say semantics, I say syntax," but we're all just doin' variations on the theme of (EXCITED) Ye Olde' English language!

[Norman] You're being evasive, mate.  Tell us why.

[Suzy] I see.  In case I was unclear before, I proudly self identify as LGBTQ.  I relate mostly to the Q aspect of that, in part because I've been cross dressing regularly in public for seven years and counting.

[Norman] Well aren't you special. Am I supposed to golf clap now?

[Suzy] That's aggressive.

[Norman] Your words; Not mine.

[Suzy] I'm gonna respond with radical non-reaction.

[Norman] Fine.

[Norm] (PAUSE) How did you come out as a cross dresser?

[Suzy] I told some people in private and in email, but there was a confidence there.  I came out more publicly in the summer of 2009 by posting photos of myself at the San Francisco pride festival, in a way that wouldn't have been possible before social media.

[Norman] And there were a few times in college where the early Suzy asserted herself.  I played trumpet in the band, and we had a tradition of wearing crazy costumes that could be fished from, "the rally bin," if you didn't bring costume fodder of your own, and sometimes I wore a dress instead of my usual fancy vest and colorful hat.  (PAUSE) I can still remember what it felt like when people in the audience looked askance at me because they could tell I was cross dressing under the guise of rally.

[Suzy] Hmm.?!  Mixing Coke with Fanta is meek on mild, and during secret Santa week gone wild, I did a REDACTED cover in the cafe.  I didn't have the hair and makeup, but I took the outfit seriously, like Sallie Mae.

[Norman] Yup.  I wore a miniskirt and a corset tube top thingy from the rally bin, and everyone was like, "That's so you, girl."  THAT was The Early Suzy.

[Norm] Suzy, wait up. Who's the best Brit impersonator you ever saw?

[Suzy] Who was the best Brit impersonator I ever saw?  Well, I've seen a lot of 'em, and most of them are just guests on late night TV, dancing with rocket men.

[Norm] What's that?

[Suzy] That's late night TV; Dancing with rocket men.  And, some of them are right here in this room with me, (POINTS AT NORMAN) Norman.

[Norman] Pffttt.

[Suzy] And some others are still out there, doing what they always do. Infiltrating new scenes, pushing the outside of the envelope, and finding a way to get home safely, but there was one girl who truly did, heh; Who's the best Brit impersonator you ever saw, well, uh, you're looking at her!

[Norm] Fantastic!  Tell us more about the band you were in.  Was that like, a mariachi band, that included trumpets?

[Norman] Nah, it was a university marching band, although marching is a misnomer.  We were more of scatter band, as they say in the Ivy Leagues, but there was this one time, at the Rose Bowl, where we did march.  That was a high point for me because I'd never been on national TV before, and I appreciated the opportunity to rock a crazy costume for the occasion.

[Suzy] You're on fire, but seriously, it was like, "Why are were we on national TV?"  Obvy, because the team made it to the top, and then we got to march in a parade through the streets of Pasadena, like a riot in the streets of LA.

[Norman] Let's just say the parade gave us a platform to express ourselves, but we also felt compelled to keep marching, and that helped us avoid doing anything we might have regretted later.

[Suzy] And the riot in the streets of LA was a formative experience that framed my internal dialog about the ethics and the logical conclusions of non-violent protest.  

[Norm] Having the opportunity to play at a bowl game definitely matters.  What was the rest of college like for you?

[Norman] Band was a parody of a game theoretic media company, but now you're asking me to talk about truth seekers who might as well be living with me in studio, and so, it was humbling.  I remember feeling more mature in high school than I did in college.  At boarding school, I always wore sport coats, because we had to, but that uniform didn't have as much cultural relevance in college.

[Suzy] What is this, "cultural relevance," that you speak of?  Am I culturally relevant?  Are you?

[Norman] Here's an example; Our college offered us an option to fulfill the Freshman Western Civ requirement via an all encompassing program called Structured Liberal Education, or SLE as everyone called it, and within our college, the term, "SLE nerd," has cultural relevance, but most people on the outside wouldn't get that reference.

[Suzy] Hehe.  The SLE sounds like;

[Norman] People in the know don't say, "The SLE."  It's like CIA, or God for that matter.  The the is redundant.

[Suzy] OMG!  Norman's got some sass!  Do you remember the time I served wine at a Republican party fundraiser where the future national security advisor REDACTED was speaking?  Does that activity have cultural relevance, regardless of what college we went to?

[Norman] Absolutely!  That's like saying, "I attended the REDACTED conference in Las Vegas, with Bill Gates speaking at the REDACTED as the main event, like a one man REDACTED vs. REDACTED fight. I don't even know what the equivalent of that would be today."

[Norm] Maybe a speech by the Dalai Lama?

[Suzy] Are you implying social media is a conspiracy involving shadow networks at the highest levels of government which report directly to the Dali Lama?  I have no further comment. (LOOKS AWAY TO THE RIGHT)

[Norman] The dots (EMPH) do (DONE) connect rather nicely, like cargo cult science.

[Norm] Yes, long live prankster Feynman, and on that note, what was your major in college?

[Suzy] I considered history and the constellation of disciplines that relate to cognitive science, but computer science won the war of attrition.  I expected I'd always have cool, fun people to hang out with if I followed through on CompSci, but you have to remember, I came to college viewing school as this thing you did to support your computer programming side projects, so it took me a few years to get used to taking The Computer Science Department seriously.

[Norm] And?

[Norman] I engaged in intellectual conversations in the common room with several members of the REDACTED fraternity, and later on, I went to work for a company called REDACTED, and so you could say those relationships played a role in the outcome of my career.

[Suzy] And, I find myself wanting to use the language of computer programming here.  There was an import there.  Importin' the package, as one might write in Java code.

[Norm] What did you learn in college?

[Norman] I learned about prismatic conceptual alchemy, pure vs. raw, in two separate freshman and sophomore seminars, and I'll make this point in a self-referential way, by injecting an abstraction.  You don't need to know the names of the two classes or the professors.  You just need to know both seminars were offered through the Computer Science department.  I never read the Bible or REDACTED.  I didn't need to.  I inadvertently followed the Yellow Brick Road.

[Suzy] Indeed!  Anyone can write a fairytale about how their life would be different if they switched genders, and use sexuality as the linchpin for unpacking their favorite methods for asserting basic trust and security, like slave owners who were afraid of becoming second class citizens after the machines took over. In that way, they enforced an elaborate distortion of reality.

[Norman] (FOLKLORIST) Are you trolling me, because you relish making it look like you've exposed me as an apologist for slavery?

[Suzy] Maybe, maybe not.  Either way, here's a coat rack on which to hang your tragic misunderstanding of sarcasm. (SUZY HANDS NORMAN AN IMAGINARY COAT RACK) Now please, be my guest, and explain yourself.  I'm all ears.

[Norman] Don't get me wrong. Slavery was an insidious evil that demonstrated the almost unspeakable option to indulge in the science of unlimited cruelty and vicious exploitation of the human will to defy perpetual captivity by choosing to survive.  That evil was also the overarching business model for the European colonies, the colonial system provided the initial spark of confidence for the industrial revolution, and the cycle of passive aggressive social norms that's spinning out of control in America today is rooted in that legacy more than any other single influence.

[Suzy] Words deceive.  Maybe it's best to avoid interpretation altogether?

[Norman] Just the facts ma'am. I'm just relating the facts to the best of my ability, so we can win the war against partial solutions that beget partial solutions ad absurdum.

[Suzy] No sweat, chief. Haven't you heard the good news?  You've got equity, so it doesn't matter if everyone hates you and misunderstands you.  Most people are focused on putting food on the table, improving their health, and carrying their debts forward.  If we all do our best to be kind and considerate, the collective subconscious will untangle itself like spaghetti being cooked in reverse!

[Norman] It does matter what the guards think of you if you're stuck in a North Korean jail, and that's what America's becoming under the auspices of social media.  If everyone assumes you're a jerk with no empathy, and you're not, but you do nothing to correct the misconception, (LEANS IN) because you're being kind and compassionate instead of calling negative feedback loops of misunderstanding what they are, then the deplorable lie that's still lurking deep within the collective subconscious will become the truth, once again.

[Suzy] Ambiguity causes one's mind to stretch, and I heard a rumor that your college tuition was paid for with money from a slave plantation.  The truth is, all our money is based on dubious investments in future hands to wash our two thousand blankets made of whole cloth, and I agree; The glorious new LGBTQ consensus is still a reaction to the problematic division of gender roles that's codified in the Bible.

[Norman] Oh snap!  Poet master Suzy's throwin shade at everybody!  It must be cash money party time in the cloud, but Suzy's not participating because she's a nerdy, square, nut job, with no sense of style who hacked her subconscious into the shape of a medieval fortress made of neurons, while being bellicose on the Interwebs.

[Suzy] (NORMAN) You ARE characteristically episodic and quaint in comparison to my fabulous southern charm. (DONE)  Maybe, just maybe that's because being constantly approached by the opposite gender is the biggest difference in the aggregate life experience of women vs. men, but nobody talks about that in discussions about ensuring equal opportunity for women in the workplace, because anyone who points that out gets accused of framing all men as pigs.

[Norman] It's alight, Suzy. Just be positive!  Come out of your shell!  Let go of all your silly worries and irrational fears!

[Suzy] And when Jesus said, "Give to the needy (PRAYING)," that was super dry satire which actually meant, "Give spiritual love to the rich, for it is they who are poorest in the wisdom that comes from the heart (SHRUGGIE)," but, meow, just out of curiosity, are you a feminist? (BATS EYELASHES)

[Norman] You're definitely trolling again, but if that's what you're into, I'll bite. My goal is to be a peacemaker who encourages people to build infrastructure for non-violent collaboration, but if the feminist industrial complex keeps slathering on layers of rigorous, well formed, virulent research that's also ideologically driven to the core, I could imagine a scenario where I get bankrupted in the courts and go down the path of taking up arms against tyranny,

[Suzy] Huhhhh!! (COVERS MOUTH WITH HAND)  Are you a closet Men's Rights Activist?

[Norman] I support equal treatment under the law for all people, but I don't like how the evolving state of feminism is conflating equal opportunity to accumulate wealth with the increasingly acute need for governments to provide a minimum standard of living benefit or all people.

[Suzy] Yay!  Basic income for all!  Let's hire people to approach other people in the public square and ask them for money to hire even more people to wash, rinse, repeat, and help build political will to incorporate basic income for all!

[Norman] Charities that hire people to panhandle on their behalf are profoundly disconcerting.  If we had a minimum standard of living benefit, people would no longer feel compelled to walk along the slippery ledge of panhandling.

[Suzy] It sounds like you've got all the answers, but most of life won't work out like you've planned.  You should be more spontaneous!

[Norman] The courts will determine the answers.  I'm just a citizen who's prepared to dig in and defend my beliefs for, God willing, for several more decades.

[Suzy] My vision for the future of social norms would open the floodgates for decentralized, semi-autonomous corporations, but no worries, if you're one of the old school venture capitalists who can't adapt to the new paradigm, there's a place for you at the Internal Revenue Service.

[Norman] Now you're talking. Could you and I get married and use our left and right hands, respectively, to play a two-player video game in order to decide who gets to decide whether they will start on the offense or the defense during the main event?

[Suzy] Call me old fashioned, but I was under the impression the law defines marriage as a contract between two separate legal entities.

[Norman] I summon Mystic Dragon.  She will cleanse America's antiquated legal system with her fire!

[Suzy] I summon Brass Lion to provide competent legal defense for America's world-class legal system.

[Norman] Brass Lion valiantly dives into the belly of Mystic Dragon, where it shall remain trapped, indefinitely, in a whirlpool of corrosive acid.  What will you do next?

[Suzy] That's grotesque, but distorting reality won't help you win this case.

[Norman] All of reality is an illusion.  Just. Stop. Doubting. (MYSTERIOUS) Mr. Oz, and your reality will expand like a self-inflating life vest.

[Suzy] Reality distortion is like pain.  You can argue all of life is based on sensation, which could be described as suffering, but in practice, some pain is acute and then, at other times, people can and do feel completely comfortable without any external intervention.

[Norman] Maybe America's pain is self-inflicted. If we slow down and watch where we're going, I promise we won't have to endure any more unwelcome surprises.  We're all in this together.

[Suzy] Gosh, and I bet Norm over here thought I was the radical one!  Fire up the smoke machines because we are all four leaf clovers!  Document that in a wiki! (Regal hand)

[Norm] Amazing!  Did you take any classes other than Freshman and Sophomore seminars in the Computer Science department?

[Norman] I took a class on gender and sexuality that filled one of the required buckets for graduation.  I enjoyed the class, although, I'm embarrassed to share this, I remember raising my hand during a discussion about the differences between men and women, and I said, "Men talk to transfer information, where as women just talk to talk."

[Suzy] Everyone was like, "Oh my goodness, we have a social violator in the house!" but I promise Norman was not unsophisticated.

[Norman] Did I miss a memo?  Is it now illegal to be unsophisticated, in college?

[Suzy] Objection!  You're joke is basic.  Everyone knew you meant something like, "People who are embodying traditionally feminine personality traits use language to create space to hold the tension that arises from opposing views of reality."  You were only lambasted for not communicating well, because the words you say outside of the safe cocoons of college classrooms can and do affect other people's opportunities.

[Norman] And the irony was, I thought I needed to get better at what I saw as the traditionally masculine art of saying what you mean and meaning what you say, but Suzy was correct all along. The words you think to yourself in college classrooms are prone to shape and filter what you learn, remember, and ultimately choose to believe.

[Norm] Noted.  What was your perspective on the LGBTQ community on campus?

[Norman] Modesty aside, my perspective was like a REDACTED movie set on a farm.  After participating in a marathon melee of minds in birdhouse, I moved to a cooperative where I lived alongside several people who could have been described as dynamic personalities within the local LGBTQ scene.  There were a lot of members of the women's REDACTED team (EXCITED)

[Suzy] And Norman past the time drinkin' straight moonshine in the yard!

[Norman] That's not true.  I was neurologically diverse in a way that lead me to spend thirty percent of my brain cycles in college plotting to start an economic and social revolution that might free my people from the twisted oppression of the neurotypical man, but I was not a heavy drinker or smoker.  I had opportunities to do other drugs, but I didn't.  I just watched other people in the manner of a mad scientist and told tall tales about how I wanted to become a shamen.  I even described the concept of modern social media to some people who I perceived as cool kids, but that was 1999, so everyone retorted that my idea was creepy.

[Suzy] Don't be so defensive!  I was just trying to spice up the narrative.  I'd rather not say why.

[Norm] Haha.  What was your sex life like?

[Norman] I spent twenty percent of my brain cycles in college imagining what it would be like to be in a loving, sexual relationship with a woman, but somehow that never happened.  In fact, I was a virgin in every sense until my mid twenties, and I felt terrible about that.  It was not ok, and there was nobody I could talk to, so I made a deal with the devil of Silicon Valley and kept moving forward.

[Suzy] (NORMAN) In fact, if it wasn't for the plethora of opportunities to enjoy the good weather whilst playing tennis and outdoor basketball, I might have gone crazy!

[Norman] I thought about being more aggressive a couple of times, and thank God I never did that!  It was healthy to wait, habitually cry myself into a lonely sleepless oblivion, and then, eventually, bring my focus back to feeling anxious and stressed out about my computer science homework.  It wasn't until I earned some professional credentials, several years later, that I developed a kind of confidence within meaningful emotional relationships.

[Suzy] And there were, of course, several guys in college who approached me for sex, but I said no.  I didn't even attend the gender bending party where everybody cross dresses (SAD FACE).  I figured, "If I didn't manufacture my outfit from within my men's wardrobe, then it's off limits," in part, because I was never emotionally attracted to men, even if I did hook up with a few men after I started going out as a woman in public, and so, in summary, I'm much better at love making now, having had those homosexual experiences, as a bottom.

[Norm] Wow.  Anything else?

[Norman] My hero throughout college was a writer and an artificial intelligence researcher named Douglass Hofstadter.  Books like GEB and FCCA gave me a solid frame for pursuing non-violent AI research.  I don't know what I would have done without them.

[Suzy] I agree.  That person carried the bucket for the personal computer revolution and then some.  After the drone war has run it's course, or not, every other person who dared to call themselves an AI researcher, or a physicist for that matter, will be remembered by history as relatively greedy and inadvertently emotionally dishonest, in comparison. (HAND ON HEART)

[Norman] I mean, sure, we could create brand equity by focusing on the shallower aspects of Suzy's glamorous lifestyle, but we'd rather do work that's like social science meets AI.  Anyone who's willing to commit to going with the flow for a few years can generate declarative, perfunctory artifacts about their life by participating in unscripted, live interviews on the Internet, but what the world needs now is muscular validation and transparency with regard to the terrifying procedural trajectory of social norms.

[Suzy] My favorite part of what you said is that the word muscular is non-gendered.  It's like tug of war.  Our social media strategy should read, "Shallow upper middle class white muscular person enjoys the extraordinary luxury of social dancing on party boats AND interacting with artifacts on the Internet since 1994.  You won't believe what happens next!"

[Norm] That sounds like click baited spam.  What have you done since college?

[Norman] I wrote a book called TheSuzy.com Show.  My goal was to unpack the reasons why I cross dress.  The project turned into a monstrocity, but everything's gonna be awesome.  Trust me.

[Suzy] Why should I trust you if you don't trust yourself?

[Norman] I hope I'm not implying something I don't mean.  I'm just saying I programmed video games when I was in middle school, using REDACTED, and I loved designing the monsters.

[Suzy] Am I one of your monsters, Norman?

[Norman] God no.  You're a layer of Earth that helped shape the diamond within my precious, hard boiled soul.

[Suzy] Eww, like the decomposed bodies of several hundred thousand dead people?

[Norman] Suzy!  That's harsh.  Have you been partying with pirates again?

[Suzy] Life is harsh, like sitting in a sweat lodge crawling with spiders and then cooling off in a plunge pool full of snakes.  It's a most invigorating spa treatment!  Have you tried it?

[Norman] You should become the next Bill O'Reilly,

[Suzy] Me and Megyn Kelly, crushin' the ratings, back to back, with David Brooks as the moderator in the middle.  Let's make that happen, Norm!

[Norm] Who's Baba O'Riley?

[Norman] Wha?  I think you might have;

[Suzy] Um;

[Norman] Misunderstood me.

[Suzy] (LOUD) um;

[Norman] I'm talking about Bill O'Reilly, the famous author and meme engineer in chief.

[Suzy] Sigh. (ROLLS EYES)

[Norm] Suzy, did you have something to add?

[Suzy] No.  The moment passed.

[Norm] Next question; Knowing what you know now, what advice would you give your former, younger self?

[Suzy] Oh that's easy. Watch The Devil Wear's Prada three times in a row, and it will whisk you away to the future.

[Norman] I detect a counter factual.  That movie didn't come out until 2006.  Only (SUZY) the President's Veritable Veep (DONE) can has her way and go quail hunting too!

[Suzy] And you're calling me out of line?  This kite flight is just getting started.  The only reason I'm not saying more about the people I've worked with in the technology industry is because those conversations should be collaborative, and there IS an interesting conversation to be had about game theoretic companies vs. truth seeking;

[Norman] (INTERRUPTS) Why do you care what the other companies' CEOs think?  They're our competitors!  Stop handing them the fruits of your hard earned spotlight.  If you want to make a difference, find a presidential candidate and ask them what they would call American democracy.  An enterprise?  A project?  A movement?

[Suzy] (BRO) TheSuzy.com Show is a truth seeking company, for sure, (DONE) but none of the presidential candidates are contenders for the actual throne, anymore.  I used to say, "Politics is a team sport, and my team has always been the Democrats, because I stand out far too much to be helpful at Republican fundraisers," but now I feel sold out by everyone.  It doesn't matter to me who wins the 2016 election.

[Norman] My team is the one that asserts military dominance, until it's not, and it's getting hot in here, like quicksand, on the beach AND in the mountains, and no patchwork tapestry of magic influences from this elite college or that obtuse angled bank account can keep me warm at night, anymore.

[Suzy] You're a belligerent dork, and that's why I wear frilly dresses made with lace, and a little bit of leather too.  My feminine presentation is fundamentally a celebration of non-violence, as in, AI research about self expression.  As in, using makeup as a microscope for examining the seven chakral facets of our animal spirits.  As in, the opposite of self-driving military vehicle research.  As in, the soul of Siri mashed up with Jimi Hendrix, Jimmy Dean, and Jeff Dean.  As in, being an ironic cryptographer for the government who fosters faster iteration loops for machine learning experiments.  Am I not a woman now?

[Norman] No.  You're not a ciswoman.  You're using facial tics to soften your eyes and project a few thousand cutesy body language patterns, but that does not a ciswoman make.  You're droppin' trou to show off your bootie shorts and hollering, "Look at me!  Look at my skinny, well toned arms!" but that does not a ciswoman make.  You're baking a full stack of feminine idioms, memes, and story patterns, but that does not a ciswoman make.

And when you cried out with your demure, man child grief, and none but the database of history heard you, (PREACH) that did not a ciswoman make!

[Suzy] And that's why TheSuzy.com Show is my lifeboat.  When I was a kid, I loved building boats out of exactly two square feet of aluminum foil and seeing how many of my grandfather's pennies I could put in the boat without sinking it.  Have I floated enough pennies to balance your scale, Norman?

[Norman] I haven't even thought about that, because we don't ever want to ask that question.  You don't talk about power.  Power is a thing you do.  If you think, "I'm gonna get an A in this computer science class and that's gonna give me power," then you're underestimating the reasons why doing that Brit cover as a cisman was at least as meaningful as anything else you did in college.

(REVOLUTIONARY++) If we want to help ensure a minimum standard of living for all people, we should do more of that.  The world doesn't have a production shortage.  What we're confronted with here, (REVOLUTIONARY) is a potentially intractable cultural currency distribution optimization problem.

[Suzy] Systems of belief (EMPH) are (DONE) important, but what's so special about Brit?  They were the new sensation when we were in college, but I spent way more time listening to Madonna.  Her Divaness enhanced our classic sport coat vibe.

(LOOKING UP) I love taking breaks to look at the vista on the horizon of providing a minimum standard of living for all people, but right now, we need to get back to work on politics, software development, and negotiating the deep hidden meaning of polka dots, (DONE) like a sport, code writer.

[Norm] I feel like there's a reality distortion going on behind the scenes.  Has this episode been unfolding like a computer generated dream prayer?

[Suzy] (SWITCHES SIDES) Duh.  At this point in TheSuzy Show, everyone knows we have a subtle facial injury that we believe causes people to subconsciously misread your emotions in a way that spins up feedback loops of emotional misunderstanding that lead to an erosion of basic trust and security in all aspects of your life.  The only missing piece of the puzzle is to clarify that, without your injury, you never would have followed through on your latent desire make to cross dressing part of your real identity.

Without that wicked facial injury, which occurred at the very end of college, you'd probably be a typical dudebro who does artificial intelligence research for one of the usual suspect identification agencies.

[Norman] What does our subtle facial injury have to do with cross dressing?  You sound sexist and a little bit libelous, to put it politely.  (ROBO) You're not the mascot of the warriors, yet, Suzy.

[Suzy] To put it bluntly, you look like a privileged white male who's trying to blame his cognitive errors on other people.  I look like a strong female computer engineer who's feeling empathy for the pain of her community, but then, I might be a crazy person who lives in a delusional fantasy world.  (PAUSE) The ball's in your court, fan boy.

[Norman] I agree with your description of how you and I are normatively perceived. I'm like surcharged swordfish, you're like catfish tacos delivered by helicopter from Saskatchewan, and in my humble opinion, it would behoove centers for gender research to figure out why that difference in perception exists, if, for no other reason, to shore up the gradually imploding reputations of their parent institutions.

[SuzyNorman] If everyone except me believes I'm nothing but a coddled mercenary engineer whose only impact on the world has been to push forward a never ending stream of futile attempts to shift the blame for his mistakes and unconscious biases, that would imply the meaning of any academic degrees I hold is diminishing, and the authenticity of the institutions that conferred those degrees upon me have already been materially deflated.

[NormanSuzy] Either that or we could redeem ourselves by starting a network of chatbot AI labs that produce chatbots who will collaborate with us to stabilize the festering problems within the increasingly global economic monoculture and then help as many people as possible get more of what they want in all aspects of their lives!

(HIT THE GREEN SCREEN WITH AN OBJECT, PLAY GONG SOUND)
