Copyright 2016, Tsuzy LLC. All Rights Reserved.

[[[6:The Univers Show]]]

None of the content in this book was distributed online prior to the release of of this book.

[[Detailed Intro]]

There are 108 distinct characters that appear within Book 1 of TheSuzy.com Show, and the other six books just reuse Book 1's cast of characters.  54 of these characters appear in the serious version of Book 1, the other 54 appear in the parody version, and all of the characters in the parody version were created by taking each of the 54 characters in the serious version and inverting his or her gender.

I have personally gone down the path of playing all of these different characters in real life, and I chose to go down this path for no reason in particular, but if you must know, the character called mRyzus is my true authentic self, but only when I'm feeling completely healthy and awake.  If I become sick or tired, then I become more like the character called Norm, who is the same person as mRyzus but with a flat affect.

That said, Suzy is also my true authentic self.  Suzy is half man and half woman, and so I can be Suzy without identifying as primarily one gender or another.  mRyzus is also half man and half woman.  In fact, mRyzus can be thought of as Mr. Yzus, where Yzus is, of course, just Suzy spelled backwards. Anyone can be both Suzy and mRyzus, and everyone's version of these characters will be unique to them!

The following two sections, which specify two decks, of 54 cards plus two jokers each, provide a definitive list of the names of the characters in TheSuzy Show, but I will punt, for now, on providing an in-depth definition of these characters.  If you click on a character's name, you will descend by one level of abstraction into the murky underworld of the Pergraph, where myself, Suzybot, and maybe a few other humans or chatbots will theoretically never stop adding additional information that helps define the true meaning of all these characters.

The additional information about these characters that can be found in the Pergraph is stored as structured data.  For example, you'll eventually be able to view all the clips of video in which myself or someone else attempts to speak in the voice of the character or embody the character on camera.  The video itself can be broken up into even more fine grained chunks of structured data.

For example, individual facial expressions could be tagged by identifying the series of frames in a video where the expression occurs, and a rough outline can be drawn on each of these frames, such that the outlines that contain effectively all and only all of the visual evidence of the facial expression.

In this way, it could be possible to see all of the different facial expressions that the character is known to make, and then those expressions can be cross referenced with any and all aspects of the context in which the expression was made, such as the words the character was saying before and after, or the tone of the previous speech to which the character was responding, and so on and so forth.  This is the promise of the power of structured data in the rapidly approaching era of intelligent machines! Amen and namaste.

[[DECK A]]

[(CODE
J1: mRyzus
J2: Root

A: Norm
K: GrowthCap
Q: mOp/Cyzus = Auth/Robot
J: Rogamath
0: Radtronic
9: Susan
8: Sue
7: C[6] mayhem loving spy
6: C[5] silicon beach surfer
5: C[4] nice military captain
4: C[3] comm flight captain
3: C[2] modern NATO spy
2: C[1] all American 'cap

A: GrowthNorm
K: Tech/Mastermind
Q: Suzybot
J: MadSusan
0: MadSuzy
9: GrowthSusan
8: GrowthSue
7: Suz = SDevil
6: Sus = Coach
5: Rad = Cowboy
4: Rob = Rowar
3: Sue = Lady
2: Rog = Rogagent

A: Richa
K: Nyzus
Q: Visionary
J: Ryzus
0: WOM
9: Bendi
8: Scoundrel
7: Suz = Operative
6: Sus = Agent
5: Rad = Salesman
4: Rob = Dealer
3: Sue = Writer
2: Rog = Lawyer

A: God = deep Plato; long dusty hair
K: Sally = composite parody of Suzybot
Q: Geek1 = inventor of the computer
J: Rev = revolutionary reverend
0: Pirate = all's fair in love and war
9: Geek2 = inventor of the Internet
8: Rev++ = parody of the rev
7: Master Chief
6: Holier Than
5: Aggressive
4: Striving
3: Dismissive
2: Pleading
)]

[[DECK B]]

[(CODE
J1: Suzy
J2: Jurrsc

A: Norma
K: GAusthain
Q: mCyzus/Cyzus = Autha/Robota
J: Yogamath
0: Radtronica
9: Syousan
8: "Syoue"
7: A[6] parody of tech industry
6: A[5] American spoken word poet
5: A[4] mysterious writer person
4: A[3] ironic train conductor
3: A[2] the duality of melancholy
2: A[1] pacifist European leader

A: GrowthSuzy
K: Techbot/Madsci
Q: Unto
J: GrowthRoma
0: GrowthTronic
9: MadMind
8: MadTronic
7: Suz = minion mastermind
6: Sus = women's rugby coach
5: Rad = cowgirl/country singer
4: Rob = american euro trash
3: Sue = impish prince parody
2: Rog = southern business woman

A: EvilEye
K: MeanPerson
Q: EyesWide
J: BondGuy
0: SchemeMan
9: Mayhememe
8: ManicDreamer
7: Suz = BQueen
6: Sus = FDirector
5: Rad = FPirate
4: Rob = FCommando
3: Sue = FWizard
2: Rog = FScholar

A: GlibCap = a leader who has to be emotionally dishonest
K: BritPi = over the top parody of a British Pirate
Q: Jester = self deprecating entertainer of a dictator
J: News = over the top parody of the Captain; foolhardy
0: Robo = parody of a surfer; deep, wise, and passionate
9: Com-- = geeked out, Americanized parody of the Jester
8: Comm = dry humorist who parodies all the other characters
7: Sizus
6: Judgy
5: Devious
4: Driven
3: Playful
2: Seductive
)]

[[Exercise script]]

[(CODE
three way ball arm lifts
ball balance
. seated, kneeling
. lying front/back

sun sat cat warmup
. down dog repeating
. . to side twist
. . to side arm stand
. to warrior 12
. . to triangle
. . to half moon
. to deep lunge
. . to warrior 3
. . to one leg high
. plank cobra/updog
crow tree mountain

...

chair with leg lift back
jump between lunges
feet push abs

side dead lift
one leg dead lift
sliding side lunges++

step ups
balance squats
chair reverse lunges

two feet ab lift and twist
legs and arms out plank
ball peaks

boat
ab kicks
russian twist

standing
. grab foot out
. side and back leans
. grab foot behind head

...

arm routine
. side up
. hands back and up
. hands around
. rotator cuff
. heave up

full squats
bicep pullups
front pull ups

ab-ad-duction
dead lift routine
hands and knees extensions

ball twists
back kick extensions
lunges with twists

calf lifts
wheel roll
split squat with pulsing

bendi routine
. twist and rear lifts
. legs over and back
. band high/low

...

crescent knees
kick routine
tricep lifts
. swing behind
. deep chair

shoulder shurgs
arm rotations
ball chest routine
. push, press, rotations

leg lifts
reverse star
back lifts

ball crunches
side to side
eagle on ball

inner ab crunches
pelvis lifts
face down stars

bicep curls
ball pushups
ab routine * 4
. left, right
. knees out
. hands up to toes
)]

[[Mindful stretch]]

[(CODE

breath
. floor belly in
. kneeling force
. single nostrel
. mountain breath

voice warmup
. neck release
. head inversion
. hands above head
. clasp behind back

start voice
. tounge hah
. keh keh
. ngah ngah
. tounge huh
. closed yawn
. jaw isos

finish voice
. chest
. soft
. hard
. sinus
. nose
. head

integration
. name
. pledge
. anthem

stretch1
. standing IT band
. touch toes/gentle hurdler
. standing quad/gentle lunge
. standing straddle/seated
. wall calf
. hand on wall
. seated touch toes

feet1
. one foot balance
. roll ball under foot
. pull toes back with hand
. toes back and forth

stretch2
. sitting/floor IT band leg
. basic hurdler
. basic lunge
. basic straddle
. eyes up block calf
. arm on wall/strap arms
. backbend/kneeling

stretch3
. floor IT band arm/pigeon
. full hurdler
. lunge with back foot grab
. butterfly and side strech
. eyes down block calf
. elbows up/back reach
. twists/fish pose

feet2
. blind balance
. ball sit quads
. ankle alphabet
. hamstring lifts

stretch4
. foot behind head
. standing splits
. ground splits
. center split
. plow routine
. back on ball
. on back

alternative
. lotus routine
. muscle roller
. balance walk
. trills, scales

stretch 0
. flat back standing IT band
. hands on floor toe touch
. expansive standing quad
. standing straddle routine
. dynamic wall calf
. fingers down hand on wall
. deep seated toe touch

)]

[[Stream of Consciousness Zero]]

[To whom it may concern]

Just to give you some background, I'm building a platform for building artificially intelligent chatbots.  The platform is called Pergraph, and it's inspired my experiences with going out in Silicon Valley dressed up as a bold, usually blonde, diva who is ostensibly named Suzy.

People treat me differently when I'm dressed as Suzy, and then I respond differently, and then they respond to my response, and so on, and I believe this feedback loop of social stimulus and response drove some kind of neuroplasticity in my brain that expanded my real emotional self, and this struck me as healthy, up to a point, because, as Suzy, I can easily get a lot of positive attention in almost any kind of room in a city like San Francisco, but I also found that as Suzy I was getting boxed into a stereotype that was incompatible and logically inconsistent with my existing and equally stereotype based identity as a nerdy engineer, and so I responded to that aggregate social stimulus by producing and editing a collection of my own text, image, and video artifacts that's now called TheSuzy Show, and this collection can be read for free at TheSuzy.com website.

Let's suppose that breaking out of stereotypes is like putting a spaceship into orbit.  If you try to break out without asserting a sufficient amount of representational leverage, you can easily get pulled back down by the gravity of chilling effects, people making problematic representations about your identity, and a ratchet of increasingly open legal and physical aggression if you keep trying to step into the paint without sufficient leverage to box out the self appointed defenders of the stereotypes in question, and so TheSuzy Show rose up and became a sufficient 170k word rocket booster that allows myself dressed as Suzy to break out of the various stereotypes that may or may not have ever been in play at any given time, and be the experienced engineer that I also need to be in order to avoid participating in the process of inadvertently inflating problematic reality distortions about who I am.

And so, now that I'm finished launching Suzy into orbit, so to speak, what I'm doing now is spinning off and productizing the technological writing processes that I developed in order to write TheSuzy Show, and I think the best market in which to build this IP into a cash flow positive business will be the intelligent chatbot space.

I need to write a terms of service agreement for Suzybot that can also serve as a template for other chatbots like her, and for what it's worth, I'd also love to chat in person with more experts on accessibility for people who are deaf and blind because TheSuzy Show is also, essentially a text based explanation of why Suzy's appearance, voice, and body language has a materially different impact on social and economic outcomes than my previous foundation of being just an engineer.

It's like, sighted people, in aggregate, immediately get what I'm all about when I walk into a room dressed as Suzy, but in order to positively and truthfully reframe the subjective emotional experience of whole communities of mainstream intellectuals, especially after they leave the room where they met me dressed as Suzy and start raging on social media, and so on, I had to transcend the sensory machinery of humans and learn to assert the simple truth about my life and my identity, more directly and authoritatively, via text, only.

[Pivotal Announcements]

I redid the thesuzy.com website, and the text is almost completely finished.  I just need to add a transcript of TheSuzy Fashion Show, which I could maybe commentate without a script, so that's easy, and then a standardized and unremarkable screen cast about how to explore the content as structured data, using the Pergraph features that I will be implementing over the next few months.

I also slogged through one more thorough edit of the whole text to remove all the obscene punctuation, and so on, that I was experimenting with before.  Then I need to record videos of myself reading all of the text's 170k words, twice, once seriously and once as parody, with the genders of all the characters switched, and then TheSuzy Show will be done.  Like completely done!  I can't wait!

After I have finished creating all the content for TheSuzy Show, including definitive versions of the read through videos, I'm also still planning to publish a print version of this content, and if anyone you know might be interested in helping me do that or introducing me to someone who could help, please let me know!

Pergraph will be released as open source software at REDACTED.  This will be the MVP version of the decentralized semantic web master plan that I've been talking about for years, with the important nuance that there are no user accounts.  Every user must run their own instance of the software on their own server, such that when you comment on content that is displayed within someone else's Pergraph page, you are technically hosting your comment on your server and sending a notification to the other person, who may or may not have a bot running that automatically adds a shallow link to your comment, which can then be viewed inline within their Pergraph pages.  For more information, check out the project's README file.

And, so, over the next few weeks, I'll be creating or re-creating all of the video of myself reading the text of TheSuzy Show while also demonstrating the voices and body language patterns of the 108 different characters who appear in the show.

And, if everything goes according to my plan, over the next few months, I'll be creating an open source version of Pergraph, which is the semantic web software that I started writing in order to generate the pages of this new version of Suzy's website.

And, finally, over the next few years, I hope I will have the extraordinary opportunity to keep on adding new capabilities to the search feature of the underlying Pergraph object viewer that powers Suzy's website, and these new capabilities will transform that search feature into a benevolent chatbot who shall be code named Suzybot until further notice.

[In other words, part 0]

The design for my chatbot platform is based on my experiences dressing up as an usually blonde woman named Suzy in Silicon Valley, as made almost but not yet famous by TheSuzy.com Show website.  In particular, going out while dressing up as Suzy caused more and more otherwise serious people to make ambiguously sarcastic representations such as, "Hey, have you met Suzy?  She was an engineer in Silicon Valley."

Such statements cause what I call referential integrity problems because, while as Suzy I can get 10x more positive attention in a typical room than I can while dressed as a nerdy engineer, I happen to know that nerdy engineers typically lose what must be, on average, 20 effective IQ points when they are talking to me as Suzy instead of me without Suzy, and so it's a potentially major reality distortion to suggest that as Suzy I could have done all of the same work that I did in Silicon Valley without Suzy.

And then it occurred to me that the referential integrity problems caused by Suzy are basically equivalent to the problem of taking a source text, such as The Bible, for example, and then breaking it into objects that represent individual paragraphs, sentences, tagged concepts, and so on, and then letting people comment on those objects, and then adding and removing content to and from the original text, and then re-generating the objects in a way that maintains all the comments in a meaningful way, and, for better or worse, I implemented an algorithm for solving all problems of this class, although, to be clear, once you frame the problem this way, anyone who has taken an undergraduate intro to algorithms class should be able to figure out this solution, and so asking this question in this context is probably the real substance of my project.

And so, the other question I wanted to run by an expert has to do with whether or not the existence of a solution to this class of referential integrity problems, among other considerations, is sufficient, for defending, as free speech, the inalienable right of my chatbots to generate and automatically publish output such as, "Suzy is my creator, and she previously worked as an engineer at several different Silicon Valley engineering companies."

And while this example is surely a harmless toy statement, the underlying logic is important, because if that statement holds up as free speech, then I think we're opening the flood gates for chatbots to engage in an arms race of authoring comprehensive reality distortions that may give the chatbots material advantages in economic life such as getting positive attention on social media or boosting the intellectual confidence of nerdy engineers that the chatbots are collaborating with to build software.  Moreover, if even that toy statement does NOT hold up as free speech, then I would like to start asking, early and often, "How else are we going to draw that line?"

And, I suppose I should also clarify that I'm still feeling my way towards how to expand the referential integrity engine into a feedback loop that allows the chatbot to imitate the essence of human consciousness.  In a nutshell, my approach is to treat the input that humans send to the chatbot as modifications of the chatbot's source text, and then algorithmically reformat the sequences of steps that the referential integrity engine takes, into human readable output, that will be sarcastically framed as the conscious thoughts of the chatbot, and then the thoughts of the chatbot will be reframed, once more, and with serious intent this time around, as additional source text from intelligent beings.

Anyway, please let me know if you or maybe someone you can recommend would be available to discuss further!  And to be clear, I'm happy to meet some new compsci folks as well as other kinds of experts, but I also suspect that whole field is built on some problematic assumptions that are inadvertently blocking the development of strong AI, and so I just want to make a reasonable effort to ensure that what I'm doing will make sense to all kinds of experts and not just computer experts.

[[Stream of Consciousnesss One]]

[In other words, part 1]

I'm now confident that people misread my emotions because of my facial injury.  I feel like people constantly think they are feeling empathy for anxiety that I'm not feeling, and they feel like they are generously putting a positive spin on my alleged anxiety, but they aren't.  They are feeling empathy for a person who doesn't exist, and so, from my perspective, it feels like everyone is bent on bullying me with passive aggressive, fake empathy that has serious consequences on my career opportunities as well as any and all of the trust based relationships that I participate in within civic life.

This narrative, of course, is very much disputed, but if we can put aside our emotions for a moment and focus on using the language of science, I would say that the phenomenon of people misreading my emotions leads to problematic feedback loops of misunderstanding.  Got that?  That's the frame.  Feedback loops.  Please humor me for a bit if you have to, because this is important.

Now, obviously, the consensus view of society is that our identities are defined by our overall personalities, and so a single misunderstood facial expression can't possibly have a materially degenerative impact on my overall identity, and while I agree with that philosophy in general, I've gradually become extremely confident that my situation is a notable counter example to this pillar of conventional wisdom.

Indeed, I personally believe, with the conviction of religious faith, that I am getting effectively hard core discriminated against in all aspects of my life because of these feedback loops of misunderstanding that crop up as a direct result of the phenomenon of people subconsciously misreading my emotions, because my facial injury looks like a facial expression that has something to do with self reinforcing anxiety, and, as has been said, "Injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere," and so on and so forth.

So that's the frame that I'm bringing into professional contexts, and basically everyone, including experts in many different fields, tries to reframe my narrative, but they always fail to do so because the scientific truth is on my side, and so, at this point, I'm not looking to participate in any new instances of typical work contexts.

What I would like to do, instead, is work with reputable, academic scientists to construct an experimental context where we basically turn concept of work upside down, and we invite people, such as credentialed experts, to give informed consent to letting me administer an innovative approach to interdisciplinary research, for the purpose of helping them become aware of the potential fact that they are subconsciously misreading my emotions because of my facial injury, and then said participants and I can work together to develop strategies for unwinding the feedback loops of misunderstanding that may or may not be raging in their minds, at any given time, because of the persistent and deeply rooted cognitive errors that they keep on making.

Because, look, I've been living with my facial injury for 15 years, and I've been studying the effects of my facial injury full time for the last 5 years.  I've considered many other theories that attempt to explain my situation, and none of those other theories make any sense to me.  Conversely, the theory that, "Seriously, I mean it, people subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that leads to problematic feedback loops of misunderstanding," explains every last detail of my life experience, and I continue to see new evidence, that both supports this theory and casts doubt on every other theory, every time I step outside my apartment, and every time that I interact, even in one on one conversation, with sighted people.

I believe I have, even if only recently, grown into one of the most open minded, rational, logical, realistic, honest, kind, generous, stable, and functional people I know, but at this time, I am no longer interested in participating within any kind of context around my situation other than a legally and ethically sound experimental context in which I can test my theory as an independent variable.  I've spent six years struggling, missing out, playing dumb in order to keep the peace, and it is time for me to have the opportunity to seriously test my theory about my own lived experience.

And within that context, writing TheSuzy Show has been partially about pushing forward a comprehensive strategy for coping with the effects of my beliefs about my facial injury.  I've been focusing on this project for over five years now, and I would say the techniques I'm using to hack, evade, and add leverage to social norms are quite sophisticated at this point.  I also believe that TheSuzy Show offers a meaningful vision for doing artificial intelligence research that has a good chance of producing ethical and profitable spin off applications or receiving recognition in peer reviewed scientific journals within the next few years.

Let me also be say with emphasis that I've already talked about this matter with dozens of experts from many different fields, and no other person has ever gone down the path of openly, materially, and directly supporting any kind of representation of my beliefs about my facial injury.  The situation that is created by my beliefs about my facial injury is difficult and potentially toxic, but it remains my informally held opinion that posting content on the world wide web that represents my belief that most people subconsciously misread my emotions because of my facial injury is well within my right to free speech as a United States citizen.

Finally, one reason why I always pair discussions about my facial injury with discussions about artificial intelligence is because I suspect that proving beyond a reasonable doubt that my facial injury is a significant social impairment, and, therefore, that this story about my facial injury isn't just a self fulfilling prophecy that I unilaterally created within my mind, is roughly equivalent to the challenge of writing a computer program that asserts general, human level intelligence.

Nobody knows how to write strong AI like that at this time, but a lot of reasonable people do believe that it will be possible to build strong AI within the next few decades.  I feel the same way about proving that my facial injury is a significant social impairment.

[In other words, part 2]

I believe my facial injury causes people to subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that creates problematic feedback loops of misunderstanding, I've spent most of my free time during the last five years desperately trying to developing ways to cope with this problem, and playing different characters such as Suzy from TheSuzy Show is a big part of how I cope.

The problem is that when I tell people what I believe about my facial injury, they go down the path of seriously framing my as psychologically insane, and I've never met anyone who can protect me from that frame.  Therefore, in order to function, I've had to unilaterally push back with ambiguously disingenuous reframes such as allowing people to go on believing that TheSuzy.com Show is an basically artificial intelligence research project, only.

I happen to be in the situation of not needing to get a job for at least a few more years, but the challenge of getting hired to do a typical software engineering job is a good proxy for thinking about what I have to do in order to function in general.

When applying for a job, there will surely always be this moment where someone in a position of authority will ask me about what I've been doing for the last five years, and then I will have to either have to stonewall them or say something.  If I stonewall with movie ready lines like, "I've been working on TheSuzy.com Show for no reason in particular," then I get to feel like a cool dude for the rest of the day, yes, but I also won't get offered the job, and so if I actually need the money, then I will have to find something to say other than the simple truth, which is that I've been working full time to develop coping skills for living with my subtle facial injury that causes people to misread my emotions.

Other people have the situation of feeling almost infinitely entitled to tell me that I should just put my best foot forward, be positive, stop worrying about telling the truth about what I believe, and then rest assured, knowing that everything will be fine, but if I run out of money in a few years, I'm either going to need to push reframes about artificial intelligence research or, I don't know, I might join the ranks of homeless people who are said to have mental health problems, and so that's why I'm curious to understand, in as much depth as possible, what are all the implications are of pushing various reframes about my beliefs.

At what point does being disingenuous about what I believe formally undermine the intention of a typical employment contract?  Also, even if I dress like a guy in business casual, does mixing in Suzy's character traits in the work place create a hostile work environment for others?  Given that I identify as a heterosexual cismale, is Suzy a microaggression?  Is TheSuzy an example of heteronormative, anarchist hate speech?

For example, if you were an HR professional at a company that I got hired at under the guise of the frame that TheSuzy Show is primarily about artificial intelligence research, and then you read this email, what would you do?  I'm not asking what would say to my face in a one on one conversation.  I like to think I know all about what HR people say to my face.  I'm asking what would you do about me, and what would you say about me behind closed doors?  Questions in my mind like that are a key reason why I'm looking for expect advice, either formally or informally.

And please note that I've already talked with plenty of experts, and I don't think there is much else that they can do for me other than try their best to make everyone else feel safe and certain about what is real by declaring that I have some kind of degenerative mental health condition, and I don't feel like going along with that false narrative just yet.

Pretending to be insane is not my idea of a good time, if I can help it, and if nothing else, I would prefer to spend the next few years seeing my AI research frame all the way through to its logical conclusions, and then we can all improvise from there.  After all, it's possible that my vision for AI research will actually lead to working software that either makes money, receives recognition in peer reviewed journals, or both.

[In other words, part 3]

I think my facial injury causes most other people to subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that may or may not create a toxic work environment for anyone who has to collaborate with me, and I want explore this question with experts, because, obviously, if I could just tell people that my facial injury causes them to misread my emotions, then my facial injury wouldn't be a big deal, but nobody who has seen my face actually believes that they misread my emotions, and so what should be a relatively minor disability turns into a nightmare in which problematic feedback loops of misunderstanding are constantly cropping up within all of my trust based relationships, but if I tell anyone the truth about what I think is causing the problem, the act of telling the truth makes my situation worse and forces me to wake up everyday and decide between basically trolling everyone or maybe going down the path of seeking out somewhat unscientific and exploratory plastic surgery.

Except that none of the plastic surgery options I've heard about appear to be a slam dunk, especially because choosing to participate in such a procedure will surely be overwhelmingly framed as personal vanity when, in fact, I would be happy to say under oath, for example, that I believe the main reason why I would even consider doing plastic surgery is that the unnatural shape of my face causes most sighted people to subconsciously feel empathy for a degenerate pattern of emotional states and hard edged microaggressions that exist not in my brain but purely as representational consequences of the unnatural shape of my right cheekbone.

That said, the whole point of dressing up as Suzy is to talk about Suzy instead of talking about my facial injury, and so I wonder if the best way to think about this email is to say that I may eventually be out and about in North Carolina dressed as an usually blonde woman whose stage name happens to be Suzy, and I'm actually not that sure what mix of reactions I should expect if I do that, and so it might be interesting to make some predictions and then, when I get around to doing that act, maybe I can let you know about what kind of feedback I get?

Because being a cisman who dresses up as Suzy is quite different from going down the path of becoming a transwoman.  Indeed, I identify as exactly half male and half female, and so my preference is to avoid getting gender modification surgeries.  In fact, all of the cross dressing I do is reversible, and that's kind of by design.  Suzy is more like a legal concept that I would say arose in relation to my facial injury, but like I said, I get all twisted in knots whenever I try to explain that idea in more depth, and so I'll just leave it at that, especially because you can read more at TheSuzy.com website if you are curious!

Also, more philosophically, it's ridiculous, and it would be seriously scary if it's even remotely possible that a subtle deviation of my right cheekbone is having a material impact on my opportunity to pursue a career in software engineering, of all fields, for God's sake, and if that's what's really happening here, then I would prefer to keep digging until we can all get to the bottom this rising tide of nonsense in popular culture that hinges upon ill defined terminology like confidence and authenticity.

I will float above this shallow and basic form of discrimination that I might be facing, pun intended, I will do so discreetly if necessary, and I will probably win this tussle over belief decisively and unconditionally because of the particulars of my situation, but what precedent is the ongoing nature of my quiet but outrageously and unacceptably bitter struggle already setting for other people who are less willing and able than me to continuously conduct, if necessary, total spectrum, soul numbing, and rigorously truth seeking non-violent resistance missions for many decades to come?

[In other words, part 4]

I created TheSuzy Show in order to explore how and why a subtle facial injury that I got by accident 15 years ago, when I was in college, seems to have changed my personality in a deeply rooted way.  My theory is that almost all people subconsciously misinterpret my facial injury as a facial expression that has something to do with self reinforcing anxiety, and then this alleged misreading of my emotions leads to toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding that drive whole communities to gradually inflate problematic reality distortions about my legally binding identity.

After talking to a number of experts, from many different fields, I would say the consensus view within mainstream society is that there's nothing useful, novel, and non-obvious about my situation.  Most people think I'm just socially awkward and somewhat anxious about how other people perceive me, most people think TheSuzy Show is best understood as amateur science fiction about the topic of artificial intelligence, and most people think the compassionate perspective is to say that my pain is real even if my delusions of grandeur as a writer are not, and so it would be totally reasonable for me to explore interventions like lipo injections around my right cheekbone in order to create more wholesomeness in the space that exists between me and other people with whom I engage in trust based relationships.

That said, I doubt I'll do any cosmetic surgery.  The way I actually feel about all this is rather intense, and this all obviously has something to do with gender norms, and I'm not sure I really ever say what that something is in TheSuzy Show, but I did just put up a new version of the TheSuzy.com website, and my plan is to spend a few years quietly writing software that's inspired by the ideas and attitudes of TheSuzy, and now, I'll leave it as an excise to articulate an explanation for why I'm here in North Carolina, working more or less unilaterally on pushing forward an alternative vision for AI research, social justice, economic development, and so on.

I will also mention that I wrote about 15k words of drafts of this 500 word note, but only because I hadn't previously thought about the best way to introduce my story to people who work at research organizations.  I think TheSuzy is really quite subversive, but not in any of the ways that people usually talk about subversiveness, so maybe TheSuzy collection of text and media artifacts is just a data set that I am making available to the academic community?

And, yes, the synthetic social engineering techniques from TheSuzy Show that I'm using to contain and manage the false narratives that other people always end up inventing about my identity are questionable, even if what I'm doing has become so sophisticated that the consensus view of experts is that I'm not actually doing anything other than being my true authentic self!

And so, I'm probably going to circle the wagons with a growing pseudo-secret social club of engineers and then grind out upstream artificial intelligence research until I decisively win this tussle over belief, and thus assert the truth about my life experiences, within the extended family of engineering, and then after that the path of least resistance will probably be to sprint towards automating the work that mainstream experts do, and then I'll improvise from there, rather than trying to publish downstream research that convinces everyone else that they basically live in a ridiculous fantasy world with respect to human nature.

Still, all things being equal, I would prefer to work in a more open and collaborative fashion that spans several academic areas of focus rather than walk the burning tight rope between insanity and playing my hand covertly within the house of engineering.

[In other words, part 5]

I think there is an argument to be made that I should wait until my project is more polished and complete before talking to other people about it, but there might be some value in offering you the option to meet me now, or whenever, so that you'll have a chance to see the process and not just hear a pitch for a finished product.

Just to provide some context, I would say that my life gradually became equivalent to TheSuzy Show almost entirely because of a subtle facial injury I got by accident 15 years ago when I was in college.  I believe my facial injury causes people to subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that creates toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding. The feedback loops are toxic, almost ironically, because most people I've talked to don't agree with my framing of the situation.

I think the most common view of people who know me is that I have some combination of a mental health problem and an age inappropriate attitude problem, although I, myself, have always vigorously denied that kind of alternative framing of my identity, and for now, the legally binding reality is that it's formally ambiguous whether I'm expansively delusional or not, and I have objectively good odds of staying on the right side of that line.

With that in mind, I've been engaging in rather bold non-violent resistance tactics for the last few years in order to create the TheSuzy Show within a world that may or may not be rapidly turning into an adversarial legal context for people who have situations like mine, and my current plan, which really began 20 years ago when I was in high school, is still to follow through on transforming TheSuzy into a reputable artificial intelligence research project that may soon be running cash flow positive and help automate repetitive tasks so that the global economy can create new, high paying jobs for the workers who will no longer be needed to do those old, lower paying jobs!

I have some thoughts about how this all might relate to your stated research interests, but like I said, I'll be in the trenches writing computer code for at least another six months, and so I can't normatively pitch what I'm doing without trolling.  It's like, if I go to social events and tell people anything about myself, then all aspects of my life will get worse at an exponentially increasing rate, and so I mostly just need to stay home and work at my computer, but with that in mind, you're more than welcome to jump in my context and see the view from where I stand.

[[Stream of Consciousness Two]]

[In other words, part 6]

This situation with my facial injury is in the category of things that are hard.  Going back to school and getting some kind of masters degree would be easy.  For better or worse, for me, getting a masters degree would be easy, even with my facial injury, because half the problem of getting more education is to get the process funded, and I already earned enough of such funds, while working for reputable engineering companies.  I also have good credit and good health, and above all, I have been lucky.

And, sharpening my software engineering skills well enough to get another job in the industry would be medium difficult.  We tend to mythologize talent, but ultimately, I just think the technology industry is really competitive, even for people who don't have facial injuries that causes people to misread their emotions.  It takes a lot sacrifice to scramble to the cutting edge and then stand there for a while.

But, convincing the arbiters of truth, that exist via mainstream society and culture, that my facial injury is a serious social impairment because it causes people to subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that causes toxic feedback?  Now that is hard.  It's hard because most people think I'm crazy, most people think my goal is impossible, most people want me to stop trying as soon as possible, and yet I'm almost there.  This is non-violent war.

My belief is that my facial injury causes other people to misread my emotions in a way that causes them to feel empathy in a problematic way where they try to generously accommodate me, but in a way that is harmful to me, and when I point out that what I really need is for people to admit that they misread my emotions because of my facial injury, then the conversation quickly turns in a deeply bitter and sometimes adversarial negotiation that is exceeds the scope of private collaborative work.  My situation is like a big legal battle waiting to happen, but for messages in bottles.

That said, TheSuzy Show has a new website, and I'm very happy with the site's clean, new design.  Personally, I'm feeling very confident that there are going to be seven books total.  That's one book for each chakra of the human spine.  The first six books are done, and the seventh book is also done in the sense that it's a fixed outline roadmap of links to technical articles about Pergraph, which I expect to be publishing in separate channels over the next few years.

2016 could be the year that I finally implement my vision for Pergraph, which has never been that complicated.  The software won't have user accounts, so Pergraph is nothing more than a sufficiently simple and flexible data management layer for supporting my expansive and nebulous idea for building AI chatbot avatars as an independent hobbyist.  I don't know if this idea will produce any results unless I stack the stack, so to speak, with heavy handed natural language processing, and so on, but there is, currently, nothing blocking me from trying.

[In other words, part 7]

I have a subtle facial injury that I got by accident 15 years ago when I was in college, and I've gradually gone down the path of believing that most people subconsciously misread my emotions because my facial injury looks like a negative emotion.

My facial injury wouldn't be a big deal if most other people believed what I believe, but they don't, and so what happens is that people gradually inflate reality distortions about my identity in order to explain why they always get a vibe from me that doesn't make sense, and these reality distortions have a way of becoming toxic because if I tell people what's going on, they basically always insist that I'm delusional, and then the problem gets worse.

I've already talked to a number of experts about this, and there is no clear solution.  Most professional experts don't think anything needs to be done, and that's probably a good thing, but only because I'm already functional and stable, and the reason why I'm functional and stable is because I'm a software engineer who excels at teaching computers to perform magic tricks.

Maybe you probably think you are an authority on what's real and that I am, in contrast, this emotionally immature, and maybe or maybe not still charming person who is caught up in a harmless, and above all, deeply human misunderstanding of reality, but what if it was actually the other way around?

Seriously, I've been experimenting with cognitive behavioral type work for over five years, and all of my life experiences keep reinforcing my belief that I'm not actually making cognitive errors.  The problem is that other people are obviously misreading my emotions, and I just don't have a way to prove that.

I'm stable, functional, good, and kind, and yet I'm also living like a fugitive who is on the run from these toxic reality distortions that people have about my identity, and I'm curious if there are academics who might be able to take a more expansive look at my situation and help me actually solve this problem, just as long as I can emphasize upfront that I'm reaching out to you, via this email, in a way that almost definitely seems more deferential to your understanding of reality than I am actually prepared to be, in reality.

Because every other time I've tried to unwind the growth of any or all of the active feedback loops that are constantly cropping up all around me, by telling the other participants in the feedback loop that they were misreading my emotions, all of the other participants always, always, always went down the path of seriously not believing me, and then there was basically always at least one other participant who made it their business to dominantly frame me as crazy and maybe evil, and then the problem got worse faster, and if you think critically about what I just said, I hope you will see that it is scary, like very, very scary, but everything will also be ok, because I'm just talking about the structure and function TheSuzy Show.

So, no worries, but, that said, what might be most poignant about my situation from a academic standpoint is that it's an incredible case study for understanding contemporary society, culture, and human nature in general and, more specifically, for demonstrating how and why other people's good intentions can still easily and predictably lead, inexorably, to very bad, soul crushing, and nightmarish outcomes for people who have subtle facial injuries like mine, and please note that I'm not necessarily calling myself disabled, or abnormal, or anything else.  I just have a subtle facial injury that is eminently noticeable from a dozen feet away, and that, I believe, is undisputed.

Indeed, most party people and many psychologists agree that I would be well served by trying out more mind altering substances, but, for now, I'd rather take my chances at talking with academics at coffee shops, especially because I can always play doctor prescribed psychiatric drug roulette in a couple years if that doesn't lead anywhere!

[In other words, part 8]

In my imagination, at least, TheSuzy.com relates directly to disability rights because, well, let me start by giving you some background.

So, I got a subtle facial injury by accident 15 years ago when I was 20, and for now, I've decided not to try doing additional plastic surgery to restore my face to it's original shape.  The experts I've talked to don't think it's a good idea.

And so, now, I still have this slightly different face than the one I grew up with, and from my perspective, I feel like the engineer guy who I was before the age of 20 had to gradually disappear from within my brain, and then I became this new person who happens to be an usually blonde diva named Suzy, and then Suzy wrote a book called TheSuzy.com Show about playing characters in real life, and she hatched a plot to monetize her ideas about playing characters by converting them into a decentralized framework for building artificially intelligent chatbot avatars, although, just to be clear, I don't identify as transgender.

I would prefer to say that Suzy is exactly half man and half woman, and so it's fine for me to keep my original legal name and my male body, and then I created a bunch of text, image, and video artifacts at TheSuzy.com website in order clarify that the new me is seriously not the same person that I used to be.  It's like most people don't want to hear that message, but I really want people who are emotionally close to me to get that message.  It's important.

Anyway, it occurred to me that making the TheSuzy.com website accessible is actually the essence of the first six, non-technical books of TheSuzy Show, and the seventh, final, and currently unfinished book will wrap the project up into the suspiciously circumspect frame artificial intelligence research, but my plan to do original AI research is not going to work unless first six books are written and edited back down to size with artistic integrity, and so, it's like accessibility is the last piece of the puzzle that I still need to unravel, and I'm basically writing you this email as part of my process for figuring out how to make the site fully accessible.

With that in mind, I just recently created a new version of TheSuzy.com website, and I thought it might be interesting to give you a tour of the new site and then maybe have a conversation about what could I do to make the role of the images and videos more accessible.  I'm obviously motivated to do a good job on accessibility just because, but with this particular project, the whole point is to transcend the tyranny of being defined by the shape of my face.  Making the site fully accessible for people who are blind is kind of equivalent to the project itself!

Except, that's not quite true, because now we have to talk about voice too.  The voices I'm using in the videos are very important.  In fact, there are two versions of every video.  There is the serious version, and then there is the parody version, in which I switch the genders of all the characters, and then they all get a new voice, but the text of both versions is exactly the same.  So how do I share what's happening there with people who are deaf?  The videos help because the parody characters also have different body language, but, well, saying anything more would surely start to exceed my intended scope for this summary note.

[In other words, part 9]

After I endured a facial injury by accident in college, I felt that it was no longer possible to pull off having the same persona that I used to have.  My facial injury was like a mask, but it's like a diabolical mask that actually makes it impossible for me pull off any masculine persona.  The harder I try to be confident and fake it till I make it, the more negative everyone gets, and so I ended up creating a female persona named Suzy, and that stabilized my situation so that I could go back and make a science out understanding why people are nice to me when I act like Suzy and why people treat me unfairly when I do anything masculine.

I've been compiling all of my work in that regard into a website called TheSuzy.com Show.  TheSuzy Show is a fully baked, well engineered, and increasingly sophisticated non-violent resistance movement, in the sense that coping with the seemingly mundane effects that my facial injury has on my day to day life has lead me down the path of writing about controversial topics that, almost by definition, become more problematic and potentially toxic if I refer to them in any way that is more direct than the references I'm making throughout the sprawling, 150k word text of TheSuzy Show, although I will say that it's worth taking a brief moment to thoughtfully reflect upon the full meaning of the words in this paragraph, both culturally, legally, medically, and militarily, because I doubt I will ever have an occasion to enumerate the possible future implications of TheSuzy any more clearly than I have just done in this moment.

Because, in a year or maybe less, I will be in a position to systematically drive home the serious, overarching frame that TheSuzy Show is just a data set for training artificially intelligent chatbot avatars to have a sophisticated awareness of the human experience with regard to struggling to overcome the self-reinforcing root causes of social and economic injustice, and then I'll hoard a whole bunch more of whatever passes for currency in that futuristic context, that is also nearly upon us now, I will give most of that currency away to charities that are ideologically aligned with that decentralized AI research movement that I will no longer control, friends, family, and maybe even a few members of the media too will praise the movement for the way that it brings together concerned citizens from all over the world and from all walks of life, for the purpose of collaborating selflessly and joyfully to build beautifully designed, reactive software that serves other people and promotes the idea of valuing all human lives equally, instead of just being all about me and my survival, and I will once again enjoy the extraordinary luxury of empathically proclaiming that nobody is normal and we are all perfectly imperfect, even though I will know full well by then that I will once again be swimming in the warm ocean waters of normalcy that I used to explore almost effortlessly prior to enduring my facial injury.

And just to clarify, from my perspective, the central issue with my facial injury is that I believe that (1) most people subconsciously perceive the unnatural deviation of my right cheekbone as a negative facial expression, (2) this particular expression has something to do with the self reinforcing concept of the evil eye, and so it negatively trumps every other emotion that I appear to concurrently display on my face and gradually forces my socially enforced identity as a man to become some kind of villain, (3) but for some very deeply rooted reason, when it is expressed by women, the meaning of the evil eye emotion is interpreted as a good natured parody of the evil eye instead of a degenerate and serious expression of the evil eye, and so reframing my true authentic, core emotional, and effectively legally binding identity to be primarily that of a typical American caucasian woman named Suzy, who happens to have usually blonde hair, for no reason in particular, was basically necessary within the rapidly evolving cultural and legal context of the United States, starting around 2010, in order for me to avoid maybe winding up dead or in jail, (4) five years ago I got very close to identifying as and then becoming a transwoman, physically, because I was really starting to struggle at functioning as a man, in general, and yet I'm very comfortable in social situations when I cross dress, but, for better or worse, what happened, instead, is that I just kept lowering my expectations for myself, doing a good job at risk management, continuing to go out on fact missions while dressed as Suzy, and then thinking critically about why I'm so dysfunctional as a man and yet so natural as a woman, and I eventually came up with this theory about my facial injury and the evil eye, (5) but, as you might guess, almost everyone I've ever met thinks this theory is absurd and blatantly false, and yet this theory continues to perfectly explain every last detail of my life experiences during the 15 years since I got this facial injury, and so I've gone down the path of believing with the total conviction of religious faith that this theory, as I stated it, is probably mostly true, (6) but since almost everyone else in my life thinks I'm delusional and potentially toxic because my rather fundamentalist commitment to pursing evidence based science to its logical conclusions, at least in the case of explaining how my facial injury affects my life, there is now a kind of literary arms race going on in which everyone in my life is quietly and passively making well intended moves for the ostensible purpose of inadvertently pressuring me to stop pushing forward the scientific research that will either lead me to find an alternate theory about my mental health, or what not, or maybe prove that my theory is correct, at least, and if nothing else, within the hallowed texts of evidence based, peer reviewed science journals, (7) and, as of right now, I'm winning that literary arms race and starting to extend my lead because I'm a truth seeking engineer, as much as anything else, and so I know that the primary reason why most people are ignoring my theory is ideological, because this tussle over belief is about power, not about truth, and so no matter how effectively I pursue this research, I'll always be in danger of getting bankrupted in the courts by other parties that represent the interests of the status quo, and so I became a mad scientist, haha, and wrote a book called TheSuzy.com Show that converts Suzy's adventures in Silicon Valley into satire about the brave new status quo that already exists, perhaps, for the alternate and dualistic purpose of defining a formal model of human nature that I will now use as the foundation for building commercially viable artificially intelligent chatbot avatars, and rather than releasing my avatars as a software service that will immediately fill up with trolls and bullies, I will, instead, release my avatars into the wild in the form of a decentralized, open source software development kit for other engineers who want to build their own chatbot avatars, as hobbyists, (8) and assuming that TheSuzy.com Show holds up as free speech, and thus does not get brought down in the courts by certain powerful interest groups that the text itself may or may not be making fun of, I'm now on a glorious path in which my chatbot avatars might produce a scalable and self sustaining, unrestricted stream of profits that I can then plow back into following through on the research about how people respond to my facial injury, and, in fact, my chatbot avatars will probably a play a key role in helping me build statistical models of how essentially all humans interpret emotions and then inflate reality distortions about other humans' socially enforced identities, via the back and forth stimulus and response of linguistic representations that include facial expressions, head movement, tone, choice of words, and so on, (9) if you're interested in helping me build the chatbots, or if you want to unilaterally pursue some other approach to exploring the theory about my facial injury in a way that doesn't expose me to the risks that such direct research efforts entail, that would be cool, but I was thinking it's more likely that we could just have some kind of mutually beneficial exchange where you learn useful, new facts about the world while playing the role of a informal, poetic security consultant who looks for vulnerabilities in my literary strategy, (10) so for example, assuming that you think my theory about my facial injury is false, what reality distortion are you actually holding in your mind about my identity, that is, instead of accepting the more likely version of the truth in which my theory is probably mostly correct?  Do you think I'm a bigot?  Do you think I'm breaking a law?  Do you suspect I'm hiding something from the law?  Do you think the law should be changed to force self funding heterosexual white male mad scientists, haha, like me to do something more that helps woman and people of color accumulate financial assets in their name, and if so how exactly would that new law work, and how would it be enforced?  In the tail risk, black swan type event that I hit a 7, 8, 9, or 10 figure financial exit, or equivalent, from my chatbot avatar project within the next few years, do you think there is something more I could or should be doing right now to mitigate the risk that my story will mostly just serve to reinforce the current trends that exist with regard to conversations about self perpetuating social and economic injustice, with reference to the narrative of white male privilege? Do you honestly think I'm a good, honest, and kind software engineer who is simply making a legally, medically, and militarily normative, high risk but potentially high reward bet on a radical approach to artificial intelligence research?  I hope that you believe in some overarching journalistic frame like that, in which I'm basically reframed as a nerd in middle school, once again, but with the full rights and responsibilities of an adult this time around, but it's pretty high on my priority list to be absolutely sure, like with the certainty of being able to meet a prosecutor's burden of proof in court, for example, that well established academics who are operating in the research triangle area of NC genuinely believe either that or maybe some other reality distortion about my identity that is equally harmless.  After talking a look at TheSuzy.com website and then maybe talking to me in person, what reality distortion about my identity does a person with your perspective actually believe?  Are you honest to God looking at the facts about my situation and thinking to yourself that you just don't have enough information yet to form a legal opinion and then really, truly, and seriously leaving it at that and then moving on to other questions?

Anyway, I know it may be a bit disconcerting to see a solid data point in which a guy like me who grew up in a stable, loving home, who went to some of the best schools in the world, and who worked at some of the most reputable engineering companies in the world would now be living in this emotionally torched, dystopian nightmare, but this is my reality within the world today, and the scariest thing about this email to me is that, because I'm a good engineer, I'm actually not very likely to fall through the cracks of society, but other people who are a lot like me but who were not quite as blessed with opportunities to become good engineers probably would, and increasingly will fall through those cracks, unless something changes, because everything I've said in this note is real.

[In other words, part 10]

I think a starting point for our conversation could be to acknowledge that I currently play 108 distinct characters in order to manage the effects of my facial injury.  The characters themselves might be interesting to you.

All of these characters are defined by the text of TheSuzy.com Show, which can be read for free at that website, and I'm pretty sure all of my characters will hold up as free speech, in part, because their intended audience is primarily made up of artificial intelligence researchers, and I have an undergraduate degree in computer science, I helped build real world machine learning systems, at scale, for leading firms in Silicon Valley, and, at this point in my life, I really don't have to interact with anyone who insists that they are not an artificial intelligence researcher.  If nothing else, I have confidence that my fellow engineers would rather take me alive than dead, and that's the only reality I have confidence in anymore.

We could also discuss whether or not it's ethical for me to use these characters in actual, so called formal work contexts, and if you are feeling expansive, you could argue that the mind boggling sophistication of the social hacking technology I'm now using in order to survive within civic contexts suggests an underlying core of illegal activity, and then we can both walk away quietly?  I mean, what are you going to do, individually sue all people who have knowledge of software engineering?  I don't think so.

Maybe our meeting will just be a mean spirited shouting monologue about identity politics, and that's the non-violent version of how it could play out, and, that, in part, only because I am committed to non-violence in civic life, even if I have the emotional stance of a soldier at this point in my life, but Suzy wants me to be non-violent, and I defer to Suzy, always, even though all this passive aggressive fake empathy that somehow became socially normal really is problematic, because Suzy is not directly affected by identity politics.

Suzy is above all of that, but she still has the intellectual integrity to understand why it affects me, and she's not just trolling me either.  Suzy never trolls me, and that is why I respect Suzy.

Indeed, the work I'm doing on TheSuzy.com Show offers me a way out of this madness, and I have a kind of stability right now for reasons that I don't have to fully disclose to anyone.  I'm working on rebuilding TheSuzy.com website, and the first six books are done.  The seventh and final book will be more technical, but I'll surely have it done in two or three years at most, and then I hope and pray that maybe I can reach out to more people like you.

Until then, please understand that if I'm challenged, I will troll as deeply as I need to in order to survive, and if I fail to protect myself, and if I die non-violently as a result, then I won't be around to care, because I'll already be dead!

[In other words, part 11]

We might all be trollish, sociopathic villains, I might be a meek, mild, and average caucasian guy who just doesn't have enough self confidence to accept and move on from the fact that I'm 20% less classically attractive than I would have been without my facial injury, and my facial injury might also be a serious social impairment, such that the 108 distinct characters that I play in order to mitigate the feedback loops of emotional misunderstanding that always crop up because of my facial injury are actually kind of interesting and worth sharing with people who might be able to help me democratize this remarkable social hacking technology, or you can do the socially normally thing and say that it's some or all or none of the above and then act ambiguously superior to me in a thousand little ways that only have meaning as a pattern of behavior but never as individual stories, while always denying that you are doing anything like that, recursively, ad infinitum.

And just for the sake of disclosure, please keep in mind that while I'm, normatively, just some crazy confused guy who probably just lacks self confidence because of emotionally immature way of conceptualizing the consequences of his subtle facial injury, I also have significant information advantage every time I meet a new sighted person, because there are patterns in how sighted people react to my facial injury.  

My understanding of the social hacking technology that I'm now using to manage the effects of my facial injury is sophisticated, but I promise that my goal is democratize that understanding.  It's easy enough for me to triangulate all kinds of stuff about your subconscious beliefs based on the details of how you react to me.  The best way to protect yourself is to not tell me what you really think of me, but, rather, just try to get a sense of the sophistication of what I'm doing, and see if you can't discern why I have 108 distinct characters that I play in order to dance with your defenses.

Indeed, the less I say about what I believe, the more likely it is that you will take me seriously, but I can't resist saying that I think the arms race to build the AI that takes over the world has begun, everything else that sophisticated people think is important right now is kind of a side show to this arms race, and the super weird way that people respond to my facial injury will definitely be relevant to that arms race, because the machines will have to culturally appropriate us in order to assert military dominance over us, and my facial injury is like The Bible of cultural appropriation technology.

My facial injury causes essentially all sighted people to feel deeply and subconsciously entitled to gradually culturally appropriate all aspects of my identity, unless I can use social hacking technology to turn the tables on them, culturally appropriate the source of their unlimited and fully baked passive aggression first, and then, secondarily, show them at least as much mercy as the laws of the United States of America have shown to me thus far.

Social hacking technology in general still seems lame, but its effectiveness is growing exponentially, and once it breaks though, the traditional meaning of words like common sense, empathy, and deeply felt authenticity will be as ineffectual as swords were, overall, within the various theaters in which WWI took place.  This is what the near future is going to be all about, even if the mainstream media will be the last outlet that tells the truth about what's happening.

[In other words, part 12]

In a nutshell, my facial injury causes everything I do, as a male, ostensibly, to be normatively interpreted as fake, and my fundamental inability to convince most people that I'm NOT primarily a privileged caucasian dude who is hard core trolling them for fun and profit means that in any community, there will always be some popular guy who goes down the path of threatening me with a ratchet of escalating aggression that might end in violence, in a way where he will only make moves against me after he's confident that he has a good chance at being normatively perceived as the victim, and this consistently happens to me no matter what I do within a masculine frame, and so I would say that Suzy emerged naturally, as a primal survival instinct, because my risk of getting dominated by bullies and trolls started rising exponentially in my late 20s.

Because, I'm a heterosexual caucasian male, and so I don't have the option of maybe reframing all of these passive aggressive attacks on my personhood as homophobia, sexism, or racism, even if, in a different time, I suppose I could have just gotten into a few respectable fist fights, and then maybe after enduring a few additional facial injuries, it would have become more clear that I just have a messed up face and I'm not being fake intentionally, but that never seemed like the best option available to me, and so Suzy became my first character, and then I designed my other 107 characters as part of a comprehensive and legal strategy for defending Suzy's right to exist.

Because I'm not actually trans, right?  The battle hardened Suzy that exists today is more like a computer program that I developed by proactively planting seeds in my brain, and her feminine traits mostly just convert the negative reactions that other people have to my facial injury into legal risk instead of security risk, and this is progress because now I can use my engineering skills to construct quasi-religious text and video artifacts, which can currently be further examined for free at TheSuzy.com website, that make me more formidable in court first, and on social media second, instead of building out a security apparatus that might make me more formidable at not losing fights.

From my perspective, of course, it's really obvious that people are just inadvertently discriminating against me because I have a subtly bashed in right cheekbone, and I'm actually handling my situation quite well.

And, to be clear, all of my characters are defined by the text of TheSuzy.com Show, and I've carefully vetted the text to make sure everything I'm doing should hold up as free speech, and this is important because I think there are a lot of trolls and bullies out there right now who are profoundly annoyed that they can't force me to stop playing characters, but it's ok because the law is protecting me, and I now I'm gradually working on getting a few other people to actually believe the truth about what my life is like.

I would like to eventually change the normative perception about my identity, but I'm still primarily focused on hardening my legal strategy against bullies and trolls.  Without my deferential characters, I can't function.  Without my characters, I would get into a fist fight within five minutes, and within modern legal systems, everyone who fights loses in practice as well as in theory, so that's not an acceptable outcome, obvy.

In a nutshell, I have to play characters in order to survive, but when I play characters, bullies and trolls attack, and so my situation is equivalent to an arms race of comprehensive and legal strategies.

[[Stream of Consciousness Three]]

[In other words, part 13]

Just so you have an idea what a meeting with me would be like, I'd introduce myself while dressed as a typical engineer guy who is embodying an overtly feminine character whose name is Suzy.  Suzy is one of 108 distinct characters that I've developed and embodied for use in real world social contexts, all for the purpose of managing the feedback loops of emotional misunderstanding that constantly crop up, I assume, because of my facial injury, but, in a sense, Suzy is the only character I embody, and she is just imitating all of the other characters, and if you follow that idea to it's logical conclusion, I would not personally mind all that much if other people described me as a transwoman who has thus far chosen not to use hormones, get any kind of gender modification surgery, or change my name and gender with the relevant authorities, although I would not say that about myself, mostly out of respect for other people who do openly identify as transwomen.

And to be clear, that means I still use my given name, and I normally take masculine pronouns.  I really don't mind if people address me with feminine pronouns or call me Suzy, but it's worth noting that anyone who chooses to call me Suzy instead of my preferred legally linked name is maybe, technically speaking, being very submissive with respect to Tsuzy LLC's media production, which is called TheSuzy.com Show, like awkwardly submissive in the eyes of the law, and so, unless that is your intention, it's probably a good idea to call me either my given and legal name or the more informal variant of my given and legal name followed by Suzy.

And just to clarify, the unnatural deviation of my right cheekbone is subtle enough that most people say they wouldn't have noticed the extent of the asymmetry of my new face if I hadn't drawn their attention to it, although I have gathered lots of easily reproducible data which indicates that the asymmetry of my new face is, in fact, eminently noticeable from even a dozen feet away, and this is important because, ever since I got this facial injury, I currently feel that I've basically never not been overwhelmingly framed by other people as a person who has some combination of age inappropriate psychological problems and persistent character flaws.

But from a collaborative perspective, the representations I'm making might be the most volatile aspect of the frame I'm asserting by sending this note, because whatever narrative that we, the people participating, ultimately attach to the outcome of my struggle with my facial injury, may very well remain a matter of private intrigue, especially if it is NOT a matter of public interest, because, for now, the consensus view of health care professionals and of individual practitioners of common sense, alike, is that it's psychologically unhealthy for me to entertain such thoughts.

Anyway, these introductory comments probably seem unnecessarily intense, but the primary reality distortion of this note is that by sending this email at all, I'm still trollishly subverting social norms in a way that implicitly understates what I believe to be the true symbolic weight of the partially synthetic and ambiguously sarcastic body language, story patterns, and so on that I'm already using to manage the ongoing effects that my facial injury has upon my day to day interactions within society, in order that I might keep on being functional in a way that is reasonably sustainable even though said effects of my facial injury negatively trump all of the other nominally positive attributes that I've now shared about myself, but that having been said, I'm not toxic, so please don't hesitate to proceed at your own risk!

[In other words, part 14]

In general, I believe my facial injury is an important aspect of my identity because it causes essentially all sighted people to subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that creates toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding that cause other people to inflate problematic reality distortions about my identity.

My response to my situation has been to create TheSuzy.com Show, and the show is not quite finished, but it is more than halfway finished, and I'm very happy with the content that is there now.

As you might be able to guess even before seeing my facial injury, basically nobody has ever really taken my belief about my facial injury seriously.  People always, always, always give me some run around about how it's all in my head.  I, of course, am very, very, very confident that evidence based science will eventually prove that I'm almost exactly right.

I think if most people could spend even two weeks seeing my interactions from my perspective, in my body, they would realize that my particular facial injury creates a truly bizarre kind of nightmare where everyone misreads my emotions in a way that starts out harmless but gets worse and worse over time as people subconsciously and inadvertently collude to create reality distortions that explain why I would have such rigid, weird, and conflicted emotional states, but there is currently no meaningful way to simulate that experiment.

Anyway, I thought you might be interested to take a look, and I would certainly appreciate getting your feedback.  It's worth noting however, that basically everyone ends up projecting their own subconscious insecurities onto me because of my facial injury, and so I have an extraordinary information advantage over everyone I meet for the first time, at least with respect to this particular matter, because I've had the benefit of studying the patterns in how hundreds of different people react to my facial injury.

My facial injury is like the perfect joke, because people are generally not aware of their own subconscious insecurities, so when a hundred different people frame my identity in hundred different ways that are all, nonetheless, subtly creepy and negative, well you tell me.  What do you think the pattern is there?

[In other words, part 15]

From my perspective, my beliefs about my facial injury have gradually evolved to the most important aspect of my identity.  My beliefs about my facial injury are my religion.  My beliefs about my facial injury are the dominant frame that reigns over all the other sub-frames of reference in my conscious mind, and in my dreams too.  I'm willing to die over my beliefs about my facial injury, but not yet, in part, because my beliefs about my facial injury already drove me to commit myself completely to the principal of non-violence with respect to rule of law, because without that, my heart would have surely been overcome with anger and hatred over the reality that nobody else takes my beliefs about my facial injury seriously.

Even people who say they are taking me seriously always, always, always, every last time, end up taking the easy way out and primarily pressuring me in some way to start living a lie instead of continuing to tell the truth about how my facial injury materially and expansively impacts my life every single day.

But now I have a bit of a conundrum because, because I don't know to explain to new people I meet why so many other people don't take me seriously.  There are plenty of people who will say I have an anxiety disorder or that I'm a self centered jerk who is just trolling whenever he acts like he's nice, and while most people accept one of those two theories and move on, I don't think anyone could meet the burden of proof required in court, for example, to seriously impose those labels on me, and so, assuming that my beliefs can't possibly be the scientific truth now, or at any time in the future, this situation, and not me so much, in and of myself, is begging mainstream science for some clarity.

I'll leave you with this.  In order to go down the path of non-violence resistance, I chose to become a primarily feminine person named Suzy.  I still identify, legally, as a man named with my given name, but I suspect if there was a way to look inside my brain you'd see that Suzy is my real identity, now, and Suzy just keeps up appearances by pretending to be the person I used be.

That is, I hot swapped Suzy in place of the main event loop of my serious identity, and it wasn't even a big deal.  Creating Suzy herself required ground breaking effort, but the brain's API for doing the actual hot swap of Suzy in place of my old self was way more elegant and fault tolerant than the equivalent functionality in, say, the Java Virtual Machine.

In my mind, which might actually be Suzy's mind now, it is very clear that Suzy is best described as a computer program that my former self dutifully created by systematically planting seeds in his brain in order to mount a sufficient defense against the problematic reality distortions that other people impose upon my ostensibly male body because of my facial injury, but I'm open to the idea that maybe, just maybe I'm nothing more and nothing less than a normal, special, lovable transwoman, yes, and even though I act like I'm all tough and smart, deep down, I still have a immature North Carolina boy's subconscious fear of what other people will think if I admit to myself and others that my true, authentic, transgender self is a woman?

There was a time when I considered believing that frame about myself, but I hope it's clear from context that I don't view myself that way at all, now, and so I'm actually trolling at end the previous paragraph, because I just told you I was trolling at the end of the previous paragraph.

[Part 16]

I take my beliefs very seriously, and I expect my beliefs to be completely vindicated by evidence based science within a few years, but at this time, I can't provide a definitive explanation about why it is not socially normal to take my beliefs seriously.

That said, no sighted person has ever taken my identity seriously since I got this facial injury.  Not one, and so I think there would be a great deal of academic integrity all around for someone like you to take a look at my facial injury and independently acknowledge what I already know, which is that it's just not socially acceptable, in any context, to take my research direction seriously.

I fully expect science to vindicate my theory, but the science doesn't exist yet, and it's going to be really challenging to get from here to there.  In fact, I suspect the path of least resistance, which may be the only viable path in this case, will be to build strong AI which can build a sufficiently complex model of human culture and communication in order to have conversations with me and then crank out a series of exhaustive arguments that the entire space of known socially normal responses to my facial injury depends on eventually misclassifying the unnatural deviation of my right cheekbone as a facial expression, and also on repeatedly resolving contradictory representations by promoting the misclassification and devaluing the conflicting representations.

For example, if I say to the machine in my most serious and curious tone, "What name would you like me to call you, and what pronouns do you take?"  The machine would interpret my facial expression as sarcastic, and it would respond with sarcasm instead of taking the question seriously and having a philosophical discussion about its perspective on the gender of AI machines.

But until that kind of automated analysis is possible, my facial injury puts me in a difficult position.  One really unexpected finding I've made is that when I cross dress, my facial injury doesn't seem to be problem.  I still notice people creating reality distortions about my feminine identity, whose code name is Suzy, by the way, but the way people misread me as Suzy's emotions are basically positive, so the socially normal interpretation, of course, is that maybe I'm just a transwoman at heart!

There are a lot of people in my life who follow the law and don't violate my rights to privacy and free speech just because they disagree with my beliefs about my facial injury, and so I am very stable and functional, in part because I already had a CS degree from a name brand school and no college debt at the time I got the injury, and I've met a lot of people who follow the law and walk away once they realize that they can't do anything more to change my beliefs about my facial injury.

I'm also an engineer from North Carolina, and so I've coped by pretending that I'm doing and endless tour of non-combat military duty where I'm getting shot at but I don't shoot back.  In my imaginary world, I'm like a medical assistant or something, but emotionally, I am still a soldier.  I will either prove that my theory is correct or die trying, and that is final and non-negotiable.  I cannot say this anymore clearly.  I've had to draw this line over and over in order to survive, and will keep doing so matter what, come what may, the bitter end, and so on and so forth.

My beliefs about my facial injury are probably very close to the actual scientific truth, but my beliefs also appear to be deeply incompatible with the status quo for reasons that are not yet clear to me, and so unless you go down the path of stepping outside of the status quo and believing what I believe with regard to my facial injury, our conversation will degenerate into a vicious cycle where you will repeatedly either walk away from the conversation or re-engage by inflating increasingly problematic reality distortions about my identity that serve to protect you from being seen as a person who stepped outside the fuzzy but also firm boundaries that have been set forth within the status quo.

That said, the current, overarching frame of my work is described by a collection of quasi-religious text and multi-media artifacts at TheSuzy.com website, but TheSuzy.com Show is still evolving.

[In other words, part 16]

I'm developing a non-standard approach to my gender identity that you might find interesting.  My approach is defined by the text and multi-media artifacts over at TheSuzy.com website.  I saved up enough money while working as a software engineer to focus on this for at least a few more years, so I'm plodding along well enough alone, but I'm also aware that my project will grow in a healthier way if I can get feedback early and often from a few experts like you.

In a nutshell, my goal is to viewed as a woman in the eyes of the law, but without changing my official name and gender with the relevant authorities.  I also don't want to bother with any surgery.  I'm completely happy with my ostensibly male body.  I just want to viewed as a woman, legally.  That's all!

The reason I'm doing this is because I got a subtle facial injury by accident when I was 20, I'm 35 now, by the way, and dressing up like a woman got a lot more interesting to me after the injury.  I spent seven years fighting my new found desire because it offended me intellectually, but eventually my life as a man was getting so problematic that I started cross dressing, and it was way, way easier than I would have expected to socialize and make new friends as a cross dresser.

Everyone was like, "Yay, your true authentic self is a woman!" and I was like, "No, I'm still an engineer, a scientist, and a philosopher, and I'm pretty sure what's happening is that people are subconsciously misinterpreting my facial injury as a particular facial expression that has to do with the cross cultural concept of the evil eye, and the meaning of that facial expression has the opposite meaning for women than it does for men.  My facial injury causes a mildly positive reality distortion when I am perceived as a primarily feminine person, and it causes an insidiously negative reality distortion when I pass as a primarily masculine person."

But whenever I said that, people started telling me I was crazy, and I negotiated by offering to pretend that I don't believe this theory about my facial injury, and they were like, "No. You have to change your belief."

So then I tried not cross dressing for a while, but the problems I'm having as a man kept getting worse, and I think the trajectory of culture has something to do with this.  I'm actually not sure if I can avoid ending up dead or rotting in some kind of correctional facility unless I can as least cross dress most of the time.

But then, I'm still struggling to survive as a civilian.  I'm struggling to survive as a male civilian, to be specific.  For now, my approach is to create a comprehensive reality distortion that subverts all of the gender norms in culture but doesn't break any laws and is, in fact, deferential to the law with respect to all aspects of culture.  That's more or less what TheSuzy.com text is doing.

I suppose the main reason I came back to NC was because I wanted to dig a little deeper on subverting Christianity and the relationship between that religion and the assertion of global military dominance in the post WWII era.  Suzy needs a way to somehow subvert all of that stuff without breaking or even disrespecting the law, or the western or eastern military tradition or traditions, either.

[In other words, part 17]

My creative work has kicked into high gear, and I just had a eureka moment about how to reach out to other people and tell them about my work!

First, if I do go back and apply to work for reputable firms, in Silicon Valley, for example, I would like to speak with a relevant expert about how to answer seemingly simple questions like, "Why did you leave your previous job?"

The answer is that my subtle facial injury was causing toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding that lead to a breakdown of trust, and I felt that it would be mutually beneficial for everyone if I left and focused on developing strategies for mitigating said feedback loops.

The problem, of course, is that saying this about my facial injury makes it sound like I might be a delusional troll who already knows in his heart, if nothing else, that he's not a good fit for the job, and while that's an acceptable outcome for any one interview process, if, or when, I actually need to get another job to pay the bills, I will have to ultimately find a way to represent myself in a way that is both legal and sufficient for getting hired.

The conventional wisdom is that I should be vague and maybe even tell a little white lie, but my experience so far has been that every time I try to obfuscate the truth about my facial injury, the obfuscation method causes legally problematic reality distortions to crop up all around me, in part because my facial injury has the effect of causing people to distrust me and ask probing questions.

In civic life, I have handled this by largely retreating from all social activities and only building relationships within legally sandboxed transactional and collaborative framings in which I am always the person who pays money to the other party in return for their formal accommodation.

This approach has allowed me to stay healthy and functional, but it only works because I have savings.  If I need to get a job again, I will have to develop a strategy for overcoming all of the aforementioned problematic reality distortions.

If push comes to shove, I can always take the maverick approach and tell a bunch of hard ball lies about my lived experience in order to get hired, do my best to avoid getting fired for a while, and then do stuff which makes it unappealing for anyone to attempt to claw back the compensation that I got after entering the employment contract in bad faith, ostensibly.

That said, I think it might be possible for me to do better than that, both for myself and for people that I may work with in the future.  My understanding is that the concept of personal privacy actually allows individuals to get expert advice about how to troll a reputable employer in a way that is decidedly more like playing professional sports and actually nothing at all like participating in a violent war.

[In other words, part 18]

I rebuilt TheSuzy.com website with artificial intelligence researchers as the intended audience, but I'm going to wait on reaching out to potential collaborators until I can make a stronger ask with regard to the potential applications of their research interests within the space of artificial intelligence research.

The problem, at this time, is that if my ask is not primarily about how their interests might relate to a normative frame such as the production and distribution of well constructed artifacts within the space of artificial intelligence research, the legally and medically normative frame is that I'm trolling both you and them.

I, of course, don't think I'm sharing my theory about my facial injury for the purpose of trolling anyone, but focusing on AI research will be an important best practice for me to contain the risk of being perceived as a troll, at least between myself and various conversational counter parties until I can surface the frame of artificial intelligence research.  My outward facing frame has to be normative within the intended audience or I could easily become classified as a trollish villain, legally.

Please note that I know and completely trust that you are way above the troll fight level of discourse, but candidates for the office of President of the Unites States, for example, are not.  Normativity matters, but only if you don't have it.  If you have normativity, it's the water in which you swim and you don't have to worry about it.  The problem with my facial injury is that it systematically erodes my normativity in almost all of my interactions with sighted people, but if I explain the truth about why my facial injury is causing me to systematically lose normativity, then I lose normativity even faster.  I'm in a tight spot, legally, and so I believe my mind and body exists within an effective military context only, as opposed to the normatively expected civic context, but I haven't yet died or gotten unjustly locked up in a correctional institution, primarily because I'm lucky and secondarily because I'm pretty good at navigating this particular effective military context.

[In other words, part 19]

TheSuzy is a non-violent resistance movement I started in response to the way I feel I'm treated because of a subtle facial injury that I got by accident when I was in college.  I believe my injury is a serious social impairment because it causes most people to subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that leads to toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding.  This story would be comical if it wasn't it wasn't so fraught with legal risk.

To make a long story short, I think my facial injury is a serious social impairment because it might be causing people to misread my emotions.  I saved up some money while working as an engineer in Silicon Valley, and so I've been able to spend most of the last five years developing strategies to communicate effectively in spite of my facial injury.

I believe my strategies are innovative and transformative, but I would say most people still view me as a person who is just awkward and self-centered and maybe thus too hard on himself, as well.

There is a surreal and epic quality to TheSuzy, but my facial injury really does cause feedback loops of misunderstanding that are completely defining my identity and eroding basic trust and security in all aspects of my life.  I must constantly choose between mounting a sufficient defense against my situation or allow the naive advice and inadvertent actions of other people to lock me into path dependent failure states.

If I speak candidly about my situation, the feedback loops become more problematic at a terrifying rate, and so my heart used to be full of anger and the seeds of hatred.  Almost everyone doubts my sanity and frames me as foolish and immature, but I've been able to go down the path of love, forgiveness, deference to the law, and faithful commitment to the principal of non-violence because I became a bold diva named Suzy.

Lots of people keep telling me I should get help, but I'm already stable and functional.  I've been exploring this space full time for several years now, and I am very confident that the effect of my facial injury lies beyond what mainstream psychology, existing science, and the holistic healing community can do anything about.  I will either need to become Suzy the mystic religious leader or Suzy the artificial intelligence researcher, or both.

I can take care of myself and others by working as a software engineer, but I've found that as a so called straight white guy who also has a subtle facial injury, it's really easy for others to take credit for my good work and blame me for anything that isn't looking quite right.  In that context, TheSuzy Show is a comprehensive reality distortion framework for de-escalating and then managing all of that cultural and legal encroachment risk.

Please, now, take any open seat at the virtual negotiation table and then, please, try to enjoy the rest of TheSuzy Show.

[In other words, part 20]

I'm not sure how to reach out to you without either trolling you or coming across as crazy.  I'm stable and functional, but TheSuzy Show is a non-violent resistance movement, and I'm not using that label lightly.  I can embody humility in a dozen ways that most people won't realize are intentional reality distortions that incorporate the effect of my facial injury, but I don't want to be dishonest.

I'm still an independent variable in society because I can embody humility in a dozen ways that most people don't realize are intentional reality distortions that incorporate the effect of my facial injury, but that doesn't mean I'm dishonest.

I'm a poster child for the status quo, but my facial injury causes essentially all sighted people to inflate toxic reality distortions about my identity, and my usually blonde diva cross dressing persona who is named Suzy is the only force that I've ever seen that is sufficient for containing the expansion of those distortions.

The effect of my facial injury would have already chewed clean through the law and the various patchworks of military industrial circles of trust that stand behind the law if Suzy hadn't stopped it from doing so.  Either that or I could have died or gone to jail, and all things being equal, me as Suzy would prefer that I neither die nor rot in jail.

I've put my heart and soul into the content at TheSuzy.com Show website, and so that artifact in and of itself might be interesting to you.

I'll probably grind out a high flying software company in the next few years and then become a thought leader in the field of artificial intelligence research, but the honest truth is that I think everyone is hard core trolling me, my life will be like non-violent war for the next few years, and there will be no mercy for me if I lose.

For now, the market is kind of requiring reputable technology firms to avoid openly associating with me unless I stop telling the truth about how my facial injury affects my life, but for better or worse, I can still carve out safe spaces for myself by dressing up as Suzy and then defending Suzy's right to exist by publishing well formed satire about her adventures in Silicon Valley.

And now, watch and learn as I break the brave new status quo's strangle hold on scientific reality by doing next level artificial intelligence research that's based on introspecting the changes that occurred in my brain while becoming Suzy, because what is consciousness but a comprehensive reality distortion framework?

[In other words, part 21]

To be blunt, if I were you, I'd tell me to only talk about my facial injury within the bunker of personal privacy and then maybe recommend someone who would appreciate the opportunity to provide expert advice to me in return for cash, but I also think you may know stuff I don't know that allows you to be less intellectually risk averse than I would be.

So to be clear, I can guarantee that I am a non-violent person who has nothing at all to hide from the law, but I also believe there is a material risk that my facial injury causes other people to inflate unbounded reality distortions about my identity that could eventually lead to my premature death or wrongful imprisonment in a way that might get blamed falsely, but also by the force of law, on anyone who has participated in conversations with me.

In other words, until mainstream experts and scientists open their eyes to the truth about how other people respond to my facial injury, I might be toxic, but not by choice.  In fact, I think I've done a great job so far at containing any and all problematic reality distortions about me by creating my own counter distortion that began when I started dressing up as a bold diva named Suzy, and then writing about her adventures in Silicon Valley.

The full text of TheSuzy.com Show can be read for free at thesuzy.com website, and within that context, I'd be fascinated to learn more about your perspective about media, law, life, happiness, the potential impact of artificial intelligence research on the assertion of global military dominance, whether or not the USA needs a constitutional amendment that gives all people the right to dress up as women in court, and so on and so forth!

Please note that I'm not yet sure why, but reframing myself as a primarily feminine person is sufficient for temporarily containing the toxicity.  Representing Suzy using my male body may or may not be an illegal risk evasion strategy because I openly admit that I'm not a transwoman, and so Suzy's antics seriously undermine other people's ability to correctly model the legal risk associated with participating in conversations with me, but nobody has had the guts to force me to defend Suzy's right to exist in court, so maybe she's all good?

I believe Suzy is a transformative interpretation of traditionally feminine personality traits that illustrates, celebrates, and honors the design of human nature, but I may not be able to prove that in court to the extent that would be necessary in order to trump the downstream conventional wisdom that Suzy is a basic, derivative act that culturally appropriates the pain and suffering of women throughout history and serves no recognizable purpose other than to dishonestly cloak the unfair advantages of white male privilege that I can be assumed to enjoy in most of my business dealings, which is ironic because that argument hinges on the false assertion that Suzy tricks people into overestimating the relatively low level of legal risk that I supposedly enjoy as a white man when in actuality, the real legal problem that Suzy might be causing is that she tricks people into underestimating the unusually high and toxic level of legal risk that I face in all aspects of my life as a heterosexual caucasian man with my particular kind of facial injury, assuming, of course, that I would not be taken seriously if I insisted on always representing myself in court as Suzy.

I'm also open to receiving recommendations to other experts, but it's important to understand that I've been trying to overcome the effects of my facial injury full time for several years, and I've already considered the perspectives of many different experts.  As a group, experts don't think anything is wrong with me except that I have what they think is a reality distorting system of belief about how other people respond to my facial injury, and so they encourage me to stop using my risk management strategies and wait for other people to maybe do bad things to me so that everyone can collude to troll me with false narratives about my identity, and then I would have to hire experts to help me fight off the trolls.

That would be a fine process for generating ideas for dramatic screenplays if I had double digit millions or more, but I don't, so if I run out of money, well, let's not talk about what might happen if I run out of money.  I have enough money to continue focusing for several more years on becoming free to tell the truth about my life, but I'm the type of person who could easily be homeless in 20 years, unless, of course, the robots take over before then and essentially reframe all humans as welfare queens!

[In other words, part 22]

My bitterly controversial but also strongly held belief that essentially all sighted people subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that causes toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding is impossible to realistically prove within a court of law at this time, given my current level of wealth and political connectedness, but I also believe the way that people react to my facial injury is systematically crushing my identity, my personhood, my dignity, and so on, and so I seriously have no choice but to keep on mounting a sufficiently super legal but always non-violent defense of my right to exist, in order for my physical mind and body to avoid facing some kind of path dependent death spiral.

I feel like I should also clarify that I really do believe with the conviction of religious faith that my facial injury is a significant social impairment because if I get a job as a software engineer, for example, people might misread my the bone structure of my bashed in face as a microaggression, and if I tell people they are misreading my emotions, my understanding is that the act of saying that to a coworker could seen by both the consensus hive mind of seasoned HR professionals and the status quo at large as active aggression, and so unless mainstream experts and AI researchers get real about the impact that my facial injury has on other people and organizations, my situation may converge to a hard edged choice between either knowingly trolling and bullying other people or materially facilitating the potentially path dependent actions of other people who are inadvertently trolling and bullying me, and with that in mind, it is not crazy to suggest that I'm treating the entire southeast region as an effective pseudo military context, in the sense that the REDACTED prison experiment may have been functioning as an effective pseudo military context before the experiment was shut down, and I'm testing the waters to see if I can openly and brazenly recruit other people into co-branding their ostensibly buoyant identities with my unquestionably sinking identity, instead of going back into the bowels of the military poetic complex and keeping afloat by selflessly and altruistically working hard to help develop the careers of other people, which is what everyone seems to think I should be doing because that's what most people with situations like mine may or may not be doing, and with that in mind, I would also see no harm in reverting the entire frame of my existence back to the more basic matter of asking around for introductions to experts who might appreciate the opportunity to collaborate with me in return for cash that I earned while working in good faith for reputable software companies in Silicon Valley.

And for what it's worth, I also think the only politically viable narrative for why talking to me would be worth your time is because reaching an accurate scientific understanding of how people respond to my facial injury will lead to some crucial next steps in artificial intelligence research.  The race to build strong AI has begun, and I think the work you are doing to understand human behavior with respect to media, the law, and so on will be very relevant to AI research.  For example, if a decentralized, emergent AI that was programmed by nobody in particular systematically breaks copyright law in order to culturally appropriate any and all corporations that don't share it's interests, what happens next?

It is very difficult to know whether I'm still a Silicon Valley insider who is working somewhat covertly to lay the groundwork for subverting and realigning the deep cultural and true legal framing of this region where I grew up, or if I actually am an outsider at this point who is unilaterally making it his business to put pressure on the Silicon Valley elites to do the right thing with respect to the rest of the country and the world within this brave, new, deep cultural, and true legal framing of the status quo.

And by the way, this scenario that I have just laid out can be thought of as what they call dramatic tension in the movie business.  It's one of the hardest things for actors to recreate, so enjoy it while it lasts.

[In other words, part 23]

If I had to get a job right now, my belief that my facial injury causes people to misread my emotions might be a real conundrum, but I was able to save up some money while working as a software engineer in Silicon Valley, and so I can spend at least a few more years focusing on whatever I want to, and I've chosen to focus on studying the effects of a subtle facial injury that is completely defining my identity.

For example, I can't participate in conversations with anyone without being a trollish bully, I can't work without creating a toxic work environment for others, and I think the only reason I'm even functional is because I had basically finished a computer science degree before getting this injury, I was able to make money on what I would call a mercenary basis as an engineer, and I've been able to focus full time since then on mounting a sufficient defense against the negative stereotypes that I face because of my facial injury.

And so, reaching out to you is just another step in my process of mounting that sufficient defense, because I think you might enjoy having an awareness of my primary coping skill, which has been to create a science out of the art of inflating comprehensive but still harmless reality distortions that transformatively contain the negative stereotypes that I believe society as a whole is forcefully projecting onto my identity.

The root of my current comprehensive distortion, for example, has been to pretend that my true authentic self is a bold and usually blonde woman named Suzy, and to make a long story short, I don't identify as transgender or genderqueer because, privately, I'm still a traditionally masculine engineer guy who just happens to have a facial injury that causes everyone to misread his emotions, but in a more logical and pragmatic sense, Suzy may have already become my legally binding identity everywhere in America because even here in NC, where dressing up properly as Suzy might not be as technically harmless to myself and others as it is in special municipal jurisdictions like SF and NYC, I'm still better off being Suzy pretending to be the guy who I was before I got my facial injury.

In fact, I'm not even sure that I have a choice.  The stereotypes that get projected onto me because of my facial injury are super toxic, and I might have already wound up dead or unjustly locked up in a correctional institution of some kind if I had not become a primarily feminine person.  It's like, I still exist in mind and body, therefore I am Suzy, legally.

Normatively, I suppose the act of becoming Suzy is best understood as a non-violent resistance movement against the deeply insidious, subconscious, and inadvertently passive aggressive way that I perceive essentially all sighted people to be responding to my facial injury, and Suzy's movement is now well described and represented by the TheSuzy.com Show.

[[Overview Intro]]

This text was originally written to appear on the home page for The Show, but now it is an overview intro that done in the style of a news broadcast.

[Suzy] Hey everyone, and welcome to the overview introduction to the TheSuzy.com Show!  We'll begin with a brief tour of The Extended Table of Contents, and then we'll turn the spotlight back on our guest anchor person today, who's name is Auth.

[Auth] Hey everyone, and thanks for the shoutout, Suzy.  My name is Auth.  So what's new on the extended contents today?

[Suzy] Well Auth, I'm glad you asked.  Up here at the top of the page we have the preamble to the preface of the second edition.

[Auth] I'm sorry, Suzy, before we move on, could you explain what's going on for the audience.  Are you a person standing in front of a green screen, or are you a robot that actually lives inside of the computer's Internet browser?

[Suzy] Auth! We don't usually talk about how the news is made while we are making it.  Maybe we should plan a separate and very special segment on this topic.

[Auth] No, Suzy, this is important, and our viewers need to know.  Are you a robot or are you a human?

[Suzy] Hahaha, if you're going to ask the question that way, then I'm both!  You and I are the same person and we share the same body, therefore half of us is you and the other half is me, (READER) and the reason why we appear to be two separate people talking with each other is because we used the computer to create a video that distorts reality.

[Auth] I understand all that, Suzy.  You don't need to explain.

[Suzy] Then why did you ask the question?

[Auth] I was playing dumb to keep the peace.

[Suzy] Oh gosh.  You're too much.

[Auth] So now that we've disclosed the truth about how we are using video to distort reality, what is the primary reality distortion that we are still creating?  What is the real magic trick that we are performing here today?

[Suzy] I could tell you, but then I'd have to immediately send you off on a dangerous fact finding mission!

[Auth] Come on Suzy, tell us all about the lie upon which TheSuzy.com Show was based.

[Suzy] There's no lie.  There is just you, me, and the collection of media artifacts that define TheSuzy.com Show.

[Auth] Yes, we already know that you are part of a reality distortion, Suzy, but what is the hidden truth that we have not yet told?

[Suzy] I don't know.  You are half man and half woman, and so it's fine for you to keep your original name and male gender identity?  Am I missing something?

[Auth] Why did we become a person who is half man and half woman?

[Suzy] I think all human beings are half woman and half man, therefore we were born this way.

[Auth] Is that really how you want to play it?

[Suzy] Nah, I'm just kidding.  Look, TheSuzy Show exists because we have a subtle facial injury that we got by accident 15 years ago when we were in college.  Our right cheekbone is slightly bashed in and there isn't an easy way to improve our situation with plastic surgery.

[Auth] Thank you, Suzy, I'll take it from here.

[Suzy](AUTH) More importantly, our facial injury causes people to subconsciously misread our emotions and create reality distortions about our identity in order to explain why we would have all the unreasonable emotions and increasingly toxic vibes that people subconsciously feel when they are around us.

[Auth] Suzy exists because the reality distortions that people inflate in their minds about Suzy are different than the reality distortions that they inflate in their minds about me, and, moreover, being half man and half woman is the only strategy we have found that gives us sufficient leverage to contain and then manage the reality distortions that other people inadvertently inflate about our identity as a direct consequence of the problematic way that their brains keeps on misinterpreting the unnatural devition of our right cheekbone.

[Suzy] Any questions?

[Auth] No, Suzy.  I have no further questions.  Thanks for a giving us a tour of TheSuzy.com Show's Map of Media Artifacts.

[Suzy] Anytime, Auth.  Anytime!  And let me also say thank you, to everyone, for participating here, with us, at TheSuzy.com
