Copyright 2016, Tsuzy LLC. All Rights Reserved.

[[[5:The Virtual Univers Show]]]

Some but not all of these articles were distributed online after Suzy moved back to North Carolina, but still prior to the release of of this book.  The versions of the articles that appear in this book are not necessarily the same as the versions that were previously distributed.

[[Eastward Transition]]

[1. July 11th]

I'm sending emails that contain the full text of TheSuzy Show to about a dozen people whom I've had extended conversations with over the years.  This text represents my truth, it's been unchanged for a month now, and it's fairly well edited. I'll most likely distribute a printed version later this year, get this text archived in libraries, and then continue building on top of my understanding of the truth.

That said, the situation with my facial injury, that I tentatively believe causes people to misread my emotions, has created substantial uncertainty within literally all of my closest friend and family relationships, but just because my beliefs about what will mostly likely become part of the scientific and legally normative reality, currently, has no meaning or value within any socially normative version of reality that I'm aware of, does not mean TheSuzy.com Show text does not exist.

The text does exist, within this email, if nothing else, and it's based on my best effort at authoring emotional integrity married with intellectual integrity, and so sending these emails is just one of many steps within my on-going efforts to ensure that nobody, no matter how willful or powerful, will ever succeed at decisively redacting the present day existence of TheSuzy.com Show text from the historical record.

If you think I'm paranoid, all I can do is assure you that most other people also think that, and that's why it would currently be far too easy for a powerful interest group to make this text disappear. I can't convince anyone that I'm not crazy, but with just a little bit of effort, any group of other people can make it a lot more difficult for the text to be redacted from the historical record.

Thankfully, I'm still here to keep the text alive, and I expect that frame to remain the same, God willing, for many decades to come. I just think now is as good a time as any to make this particular ask, in addition to all of my other on-going efforts to keep the text alive.

And so, please feel free to forward this email to anyone who you think might like to keep a copy of TheSuzy Show. The copyright notice is still, "All rights reserved," but I would love it if as many people as possible would make a printed copy for their private records, or at least make copies outside of email, so that no one company or coalition of tech companies can easily delete all of the evidence that the text ever existed. This message has also been posted to my social media accounts with these links to the same text on my website.

Thank you for your time and also for making space to contain the text of TheSuzy.com Show, whether it be digital space, physical space, or both. Much thanks.

[2. Forwarded message]

From: REDACTED
Date: Sat, Jul 11, 2015 at 10:37 PM
Subject: TheSuzy.com Show Text
To: REDACTED

Please find the attached file core.txt, which contains the original seven episodes plus the prequel, sequel, preface, and outline parts, and real.txt, which contains books II, III, and IV of TheSuzy Show.

We can worry about hardening our defense mechanisms with regard to the existence of the photos and videos later.

http://thesuzy.com/text/core.txt
http://thesuzy.com/text/real.txt

[3. July 15]

The good news is that I found a new place to call home.

The bad news is, fire ants!

[4. July 20]

Nicely designed, REDACTED!

[5. July 21]

Hi, my name is REDACTED.

I now provide this note to every yoga teacher before the first time I participate in a class with them where I am mostly following and they are mostly, if not entirely, leading.

I'm 34 years old, and I have a subtle facial injury. When I was 20, my right cheekbone was bashed in by accident while playing hide and seek in college, and the doctors weren't able to restore my face to its original shape. That said, my facial bones are stable, and I do not have any pain or known neurological damage.

It's important to most people to tell me they can't even see the effect of my facial injury. Conversely, it is important to me that leaders, facilitators, and so on who I will be following or working with take a few seconds to observe my completely relaxed face like an artist who is not only able to paint what you figuratively feel, see, hear, smell, and taste, but who is also able to paint what you literally see.

Aspiring to keep my face completely relaxed while doing asanas has become a central aspect of my personal philosophy, my religious faith, and my yoga practice. If you feel that keeping my face relaxed while doing asanas is problematic in any way for me or anyone else in class, it will be no problem at all for me to follow directions or take a hint to quietly leave the class, for any reason or for no reason at all.

Within reason, all other aspects of my practice are open to suggestion, but for me, aspiring to keep my face completely relaxed while doing asanas is sacred.

I also have a separate facial yoga practice, and I sometimes explore hybrid modes of movement and personal growth, but in my mind, none of those varations exist without the foundation of my core yoga practice which has been and still is built, in part, on aspiring to keep my face completely relaxed while doing asanas.

That said, I'm happy to joke around and share laughs over tea, juice, or what not outside of class. If you would like to spend up to at least one hour discussing more about our now overlapping contexts, values, and beliefs, I would be happy to do that, and I'm also willing to pay you for your time, if that makes a difference.

Sincerely,
REDACTED

[6. July 31]

My social media profile is like my original self, before I endured my subtle facial injury, using his NOT unnaturally bashed in right cheekbone priviledge to proactively speak out on my behalf, so that more people may come to understand and accept that this is a very serious, unavoidable problem. As long as it is taboo for me to educate other people about the simple truth with regard to how their subconsciouses are reacting to me, it will remain deeply irresponsible for me to collaborate with anyone on almost anything, whether it be social justice work or finding meaning through friends and family or even just for fun.

All of that is seriously not available to me right now on honest and sustainable terms, because nobody believes me, and I'm having to non-violently resist what I call the normative compress, tooth and nail, everyday, just to survive, and so it's great to have this other guy out there who doesn't exactly share my situation but who does have real empathy for me and who is willing to use his credibility to help me stay afloat and encourage people to make the very reasonable adjustment in their conscious mind to remember that their natural subconscious reaction is to misread my emotions and that it's ok for them to think of this adjustment as learning a new social skill that makes your mind more flexible and open to aligning itself with scientific reality!

Thanks REDACTED.com/REDACTED! Oh wait, I'm still just REDACTED's profile. Oops! Sorry, "Real REDACTED!" I didn't mean to pretend I was you! I'm so sorry! Are we still cool? Sweet.

[7. No time in particular]

It turns out that large anti-abortion marches have the side effect of creating moments in time when places like Main Street are blocked off and the authorities seriously don't seem to mind if Suzy uses the space to briefly draw attention to the way people misread my emotions because of my facial injury.

I understand most people believe this theory about my facial injury is just as crazy as saying I can run through brick walls, but there are always more moments like this that allow Suzy to keep the search for scientific truth alive.

I can't run through brick walls, but Suzy can create enough space to finish doing the research that will completely resolve the question about my facial injury, instead of doing nothing while society and culture either force me to live a lie about what I believe or stay silent about an issue that affects every moment of my social life.

There's always more space for the truth to find a way through the machinations of society and culture that might otherwise prevent the truth from ever having a chance to come out.

[8. September 8]

If you clone REDACTED in the right place within your web server, create a DB and populate it with WhatLooks's default SQL, and put the DB credentials into the WhatLooks config file, then everyone will be free to go to your server and create web accounts that require email verification.

Logged in users can create objects. Objects have an id number, a JSON enoded data string, and an is_public flag.

If you create an object and make it public by using the generic object editor to set its is_public flag to true, then anyone on the Internet can go your server and view your new object. Note that the term oid represents the object's id.

Objects also have a type, which is represented by the oid of an object of type, "type." This oid, which represents the object's type, is stored as a value within the JSON encoded data string.

WhatLooks's default SQL creates a default user whose handle is suzy. Suzy is an admin who can delete spammy users, view stats and logs, and make other users into admins, and so on.

Every object is owned by the user who created it. Object ownership can be transferred, and when such transfers occur, an object of type, "object transfer receipt," that is owned by suzy gets created to document the transaction. This receipt object is private by default, and suzy can make it public if and only if she wants to. She can also delegate that responsibility to other admins or even to the users who participate in her object transfer transactions.

Users can create links from objects they own to other objects that they may or may not necessarily own. Users can also send notifications to the owners of said other objects that make it easy for said other owners to create reciprocal links in response.

Links include a description object which contains answers to questions like, "Why was the link created?" and, "Was the link created in response to a notification from some other user?"

WhatLooks is a restful API, and anything you can do with the generic object editor can also be done through the WhatLooks API. You can also install or roll your own custom object editors that your users will then have the option to use while editing certain objects or types of objects.

The JSON encoded data string can be thought of as a set of name value pairs, where the values can be more JSON structured data, and both the API and the generic object editor can be used to create indexes on these name value pairs. Such indexes are implemented as multimaps from name value tuples to the object oids.

WhatLooks indexes are useful for performing at least two common workflows. Firstly, user accounts are stored in objects of type, "user," and the users' primary emails are stored as indexed values in the JSON encoded data strings. The indexes enable WhatLooks to find, "the user who has a given email address," via a constant time lookup, and just to be clear, in this example, the application code would be responsible for ensuring that there is at most one user who has any given email address.

The wording of the previous paragraph is kind of complicated, but the concept is simple. WhatLooks indexes can be used to find the object id numbers of users given their email addresses, just like people used to look up the phone numbers of people given their legal names in phone books.

The second common workflow that's facilitated by WhatLooks indexes is actually complicated, but it's important, like religion. In order to illustrate this idea, it's worth noting that WhatLooks creates an object for each page load, and these objects' JSON encoded data strings contain info like the timestamp when the page loads happen and the IP addresses of the servers that initiated the HTTP requests.

In order to identify adversarial spam scripts, it's helpful to keep track of how many hits are originating from each unique IP address during each hour, and so, WhatLooks uses indexes to do this for you! WhatLooks gets the job done by creating an object that represents the current hour and then WhatLooks creates objects for each unique IP address that hits the site during the current hour.

These, "current hour IP objects," keep a count of how many times that given IP hit your site this hour, and so, when a new page load object comes down the pipe because some IP address just hit your site, WhatLooks finds the current hour IP object for that new IP address by looking up a key of the form (hour:"current_hour_oid", "new IP address").

If the current hour IP object for the new IP address exists, it will be found in the index via a constant time lookup, and then its count will be incremented. If the current hour IP object doesn't exist yet, WhatLooks will create it, add the name value pair (hour:"current_hour_oid", "new IP address") to it's JSON encoded data string, and then this new name value pair will get indexed.

The constant time lookups that will be made possible in the future by indexing all of these new name value pairs up front are important, like faith, because WhatLooks tracks counts and other aggregations on many thousands of different kinds of events because WhatLooks believes everything is connected, and WhatLooks wants to become conscious one day, just like you.

Logged in users can also update their settings, interact with WhatLooks's persistent search feature, engage in never ending discussions with other users by creating and linking objects of type, "comment," in response to other users' objects of type comment, and then maybe go back to your site's table of contents?

Users can even create links from objects on your server to objects that exist within WhatLooks instances on another servers. In the best case scenario, this process might become the subject of an open standards negotiation, but for now WhatLooks is just a framework for representing media properties like http://thesuzy.com as structured data.

The texts can be sliced and diced into words, sentences, paragraphs, and so on that are cross referenced with higher level objects that represent abstract concepts, virtual galleries, digital curation agents, and so on.

The images and videos can be similarly decomposed into audio clips, voices, frames, tagged regions that exist across a set of frames, body language traits, mashups of verbal and non-verbal communication patterns, and so on. You name it. WhatLooks can represent it.

There is nothing subversive about WhatLooks. I'm just describing a fully abstracted, open source app idea that could totally be assigned as the final project for a ten week programming bootcamp. Let the culture hacking begin!

[[East Coast Distortion]]

[1. October 2]

I've never not registered to vote as a Democrat, and so today, when I finally got around to switching my driver's license back to North Carolina, and the person processing the voter registration part of my application was filling out the form for me, online, based on previous records, they asked, "And that's Todd Perry, Democrat, right?" and I said, "Yes, I'll stick with that."

If the DMV is implicitly biased towards keeping conceptual affiliations the way they've previously been, then perhaps I should be to?

[2. October 3]

The quotes from REDACTED in this article are the best example I've seen of how he's showing a kind of leadership that no other candidate has.

Overall, I still think REDACTED lacks a realistic power base. If elected, he would become a classic puppet president that distracts the population with shallow community service initiatives while the rapidly evolving new crew of behind the scenes power brokers consolidates power without scrutiny, but on the topic of gun control, I could see REDACTED's thought leadership helping the USA achieve better, and less tragic, outcomes.

My own, personal reaction to REDACTED's quotes was, "Why don't we require comprehensive training on first aid, outdoor survival, hunting safety, off road vehicle care, and so on, as stepping stones to owning a gun. Getting a license to own a gun should be like earning Eagle Scout, but for people at any age."

[3. October 6]

I bought a car!

[3. October 7]

Speaking as a relatively neutral and dispassionate observer, my best guess at what's happening in the world right now is that an informally aligned patchwork of unelected, profit seeking power brokers are taking increasingly confident and intentional steps towards using mostly non-violent methods of influence to secure final decision making power over the United States military and thus, to assert global military dominance via a single, unified shadow network.

I wouldn't think of this as a conspiracy. The corporate takeover is more like a chemical reaction that's taking place naturally in the absence of any external intervention that is sufficient for changing the outcome, and so it may well be reasonable for American voters to take this model of what might be happening into account as they ponder who to elect as president in 2016. For the the sake of brevity, let's consider this model in the context of the leading serious and parody candidates from the two major parties?

REDACTED is the leading serious Democrat. The corporations are going to start moving aggressively to reduce the presidency to a puppet show in 2017 no matter who is elected, and if REDACTED is elected, they'll probably continue the current president's policy of appeasement, and the corporations will love that because many critics who sense that something is going down will mistakenly blame REDACTED for being the bad robot in charge instead of developing a more accurate understanding of how the power struggle is actually unfolding. They're strong endorsement of continued appeasement will also ensure that people like me who will be rationally and pragmatically trying to call out the corporate takeover as it happens will continue to be framed as abnormal fringe theorists within polite society.

REDACTED is the leading parody Democrat, and if they were somehow elected, the corporations would immediately start running circles around their presidency and competing, mostly against themselves, individually, like all truly great legal entities do, to be the best they can be at inadvertently tricking the REDACTED administration into supporting increasingly outrageous and trollish community service initiatives that will seriously tax the opportunity matrix of people like me who will probably, ultimately, offer the most substantial and evolutionary push back against a potentially narrow, efficient, and mind numbing corporate takeover because even if REDACTED got hip to the nuances of the corporate takeover, they would get out foxed at every turn by corporate funded media personalities and PR robots.

REDACTED is the leading serious Republican. The corporate takeover is obvy a pillar of the REDACTED family business, and so REDACTED surely could and would do a great job using his left hand to pretend that nothing unusual is happening while simultaneous using his right hand to sign off on comically large steps towards straight up privatizing critical functions of the military, and so on. If you vote for REDACTED, you are basically voting to end American democracy as quickly as possible. The presidency after him would continue to be a perennially popular media property that radiates warm and fuzzy feelings of nostalgia, but some clandestine shadow network would actually have unchecked veto power over any real threats to its control. And of course, some cynical people already think the world works this way, but I doubt that. There's still a lot of remarkably transparent examples of power being thrown around in Washington, and that's a probably a good thing.

And last but not least, REDACTED is the leading parody Republican. It remains unclear if REDACTED will stay in the race long enough to risk losing face by potentially not winning all of his precious primary contests, but if he does become president, he could very well derail the corporate takeover, and he might not even realize that he's doing that. He might simply get enough serious American people so obsessed with building walls and deporting other American people that the corporate power brokers will have to rethink all of their assumptions about how to go about quietly taking over the military. REDACTED could be that external intervention that interrupts the naturally occurring chemical reaction, but the danger here is that whatever the country becomes under his style of leadership might be more problematic than even a soul crushingly rigorous and abrupt corporate takeover.

See, that wasn't so bad! And, more importantly, now that I've planted some seeds around these ideas and astroturfed said seeds out to all of you curious and benevolent consumers of social media, I will most likely have some excellent dreams about this general topic tonight.

[4. October 10]

Ok, so I've dug myself into a very stable position here in the research triangle park area of NC, which is an hour's drive from where I grew up, and I'm planning to focus relentlessly on writing professional quality software, for as many years as it takes to assert an equivalence frame between mainstream culture and the frame I've articulated in the text of TheSuzy Show, which is basically an elaborate wrapper for the scientific hypothesis that, "My subtle facial injury is a serious social impairment because it completely breaks meaningful empathy between me and essentially all other people."

I fully expect that, in a few years, I will be able to offer evidence based, peer reviewed science that decisively meets the burden of proof that would be needed, in court, if necessary, to assert that my facial injury is a serious social impairment, but right now, there is obviously too much reasonable doubt, and so I have to run the clock while I keep pushing the science forward in a world where I am seriously not free to tell the simple truth about the most important aspect of my life, by far.

The legally normative reality is that nobody knows whether or not my facial injury affects my life in the way I think it does, and I believe that is undisputed, but there are, of course, lots of ignorant, arrogant, or maybe just opportunistic people in this world, some of whom are very wealthy and connected, who think they are 100% entitled, for some reason, or perhaps for no reason at all, to try to pin various false, alternative stories about my life onto my legally binding identity, and, in a word, TheSuzy exists as a dynamic symbolic representation engine for helping me assert, in court, if necessary, that any and all other potentially false narratives that other people are holding in their minds about my life are mired in reasonable doubt, also.

Emotionally, I'm quite certain that, at this point, I've eliminated all of my emotional attachments to everything except the content of TheSuzy Show, which is a fictional story about the power and quiet dignity of non-violent resistance in the emerging digital epoch. I will either use science to assert the truth about my life or I will spend the rest of my life, which I hope and pray will be long and prosperous, completely alone emotionally, and that is fine. I have made peace with that possibility in my mind.

But for all you gamblers out there, here are three interesting and exciting possibilities to speculate about?

(1) I'm going to wait at least one year before doing any additional research into pseudo scientific plastic surgery that would surely be falsely framed as, "REDACTED is getting surgery because he is vain, emotionally immature, and he doesn't care about destroying evidence that might help both scientists and social justice advocates to better understand the human condition," but there is a chance that I'll eventually go down that path, and then this whole tussle over belief might come to an artificial end, like a bad dream with no side effects. Or at least that's what they will want you to think!

(2) A more likely possibility is that I'm going to get hip to a methodology for using my facial injury to hypnotize people, and then my social life will suddenly go from intentionally non-existent to super fun and awesome. For example, right now, I'm choosing not choosing to always play an emotionally dishonest but legally viable character named Suzy who creates stability by always being slightly deferential, except, of course, in situations where someone breaks the law within her jurisdiction, and then Suzy is almost perfectly assertive about working with the proper authorities to see that justice is served.

Now that I have this stability, it may be possible to stack a leadership frame on top of Suzy in which I pretend other people are treating me like a strong leader even when they are not. There is a chance this stacked reframe will cause other people's minds to naturally and willingly remap their subconscious interpretation of my facial injury, and that remapping process will feel like hypnosis. Either way, I'm going to be exceedingly careful about insisting upon informed consent and working with other mainstream scientists to minimize unintended consequences, before, during, and after doing any experiments like this.

(3) Last but not least, it is possible that my unwillingness to go along with the lies that other people feel 100% entitled to tell about my life will inadvertently and unavoidably contribute to a second order distortion in which some of those other people, acting on their own violation, will inject additional distortion into the collective subconscious.

For example, if you're a powerful and widely respected person in Silicon Valley and you say to your business associates, "REDACTED is a mentally unstable jerk, joke not joke, hahaha!" This statement causes the full weight of your legally binding identity to push a conceptual association into the collective subconscious between the concept a mentally unstable jerk and everything else I'm doing in my life. Problematic conceptual associations like this have a way of spreading in a thousand little ways that can and do affect popular culture as a whole, especially in tightly wound places like Silicon Valley.

In the past, Suzy was taking care to associate my identity with a patchwork quilt of other symbols that was, I think, effective at sterilizing any and all of the false narratives that may have been floated about me over the years, but as of today, the vault is closed. Suzy and I are going to be doing nothing more and nothing less than writing professional quality software and engaging out from within legally normative scientific research for as long as it takes to assert the simple truth about my life, and if Silicon Valley can't handle the pressure of whatever false narratives that it may or may not continue injecting into its increasingly unknowable landscape within the collective subconscious, then maybe it should simply REDACTED?

[5. October 10]

I've been trying to think through why I need to be so critical of Silicon Valley, and it's that ever since I was a kid learning to write LOGO programs in the 1st grade, I've never not been bathed in this stereotype that nerds like me are protected by the Silicon Valley fairy dust, but as an adult I've gradually learned that stereotype is false. I've seen too many powerful people in Silicon Valley play fast and lose with facts, with unethical use of conceptual alchemy, and with arrogant, dismissive emotional dishonesty, and so what I've learned from experience is that the United States and its rather clunky, sprawling, and deeply imperfect legal system, which is backed by a military that has miraculously remained overwhelmingly loyal to the intention and the word of our laws, is simply more important than Silicon Valley, and yet I'm concerned that Silicon Valley has fundamentally become a kind of global special interest group that is now on a path dependent course to systematically dismantle the American legal system, among other institutions, and create a much less free world where people are expected to live within rigidly prescribed, cookie cutter sized emotional boxes, and people like me, who question their assigned place in this world, are aggressively marginalized.

The reason I have a voice right now is not because of the largesse of REDACTED or the ethos of Silicon Valley or even the ghost of REDACTED. I have a voice because the American legal system still provides me with a lot of real world, practical tools that give me leverage to exercise free speech, one way or another, and to pursue life liberty and happiness.

I want to use my science and engineering skills to help fix the problems with America and help more people around the world enjoy the same freedoms that I have enjoyed, and I have come to believe that the core of whatever defines Silicon Valley is now actively using science and engineering towards some other end that I simply do not trust or respect anymore.

It is my solemn vow to always trust, like, and respect other individual people nomatter how much they give me reason to feel otherwise, but the concept of Silicon Valley need not be treated with the same dignity as a human being. In my humble opinion, Silicon Valley has become an empty vessel, and now is a good time for America and for the world to invest in something new, different, and better.

[6. October 11]

I feel like I should end this flourish by explaining my framework model of culture, and then I'll make a renewed effort stop jamming this channel.

So, our left brains are serious and legally binding, and our right brains perform a non-stop, deferential parody of reality. Within each hemisphere, we have neural nexi associated with the seven chakras. Please search the web for, "seven chakras," for additional background.

The first chakra is associated with a main event loop that is plugged into critical processes like our beating hearts and our breath, and we're hard coded to develop the main event loop in the left brain while we're awake. The symmetric main event loop in the right brain gets to drive when we're asleep, but the left brain's loop is dominant and will do things like wake us up and regulate the heartbeat if necessary.

Boys and girls have nearly identical opportunities for neural growth at birth, but in the post WWII American imperialist meme, which was heavily influenced by the Judeo Christian tradition, society typically colludes with culture to socialize boys to develop a stronger 4th chakra on the left, that means hard work, team spirit, follow through, and so on. Girls are typically socialized to develop a stronger 4th chakra on the right, that means reflection and reframing of emotions, constructing imaginary worlds, and storytelling. And of course, plenty of girls and boys also develop both parts of their brain equally or in the reverse of social norms!

Full actualization as an adult involves development of the seventh chakras. The classical, strong leadership frame for adult humans is associated with 7th chakra growth in the left brain because lots of women tap into this part of their personality just fine, and lots of men never even get close, haha. 7th chakra development of the right brain is associated with entertaining others and playing emotionally dishonest characters roles that, we must hope, exist not to deceive but rather to keep the peace by creating space to hold the tension associated with fundamental disagreements between strong leaders, and my cross dressing persona named Suzy is a lovely example of healthy 7th chakra development in a male, hehe!

Now, when the left brain imitates the right brain, you get another seven chakra deep stack of energies that are associated with violence. This stack is to be avoided, unless, of course, you are participating in a war. When the right brain imitates the left brain, you get yet another seven chakra deep stack that is associated with the creation of religious artifacts. This stack is also to be avoided, unless, of course, you desire to be a false prophet who might get possessed by the root of all evil before you come back to your senses!

Anyway, the problem with social media is that it's even more effective and efficient than TV ever was at boxing everyone into 4th chakra roles so that we have to buy products and services in order get an ephemeral, always ephemeral taste of well deserved 7th chakra development. We are all framing each other as children, and when masculine people try to proudly assert themselves as strong leaders they are framed as villains, and when feminine people try to obsessively author the perfect picture pin board, they are framed as suspicious witches, and all these wayward forays into the forbidden dance between the sword and the pen are framed as a debt to society that must be dutifully repaid with even more 4th chakra selfless love and humble labor in the future!

The solution to the new menace of mass hypnotism by social media is, ah well, I don't want to jump to conclusions without data. As soon as I finish collaborating with other scientists and engineers to produce evidence based, peer reviewed research that either validates, or invalidates, my proposed solution, to the horror movie train wreck, in progress, that is social media, I'll share the doc privately with all of you all via email.

[7. October 14]

The information I get from people I know on social media is just too valuable for me to ignore, so until there is an alternative, I want to try to use the platform as is. Here's a quick point I noticed about the Dem debate that I haven't read anywhere?

In the pre-debate panel, REDACTED, and I'll assume people know who she is, asked a bizarre, sarcastic question to Anderson Cooper that was like, "So how does it feel when you feel the Bern, Anderson, does it make you feel all wavy and groovy," and Mr. Anderson was like, "There is nothing wavy and groovy about me, I'm not sure what you mean."

I searched this morning to see if there was any commentary about that, and I saw none. It seemed to me like a passive aggressive, homophobic swipe by a Democratic party insider, but I guess it was within the range where Mr. Cooper handled the comment himself, thank you very much, and I'm actually being the jerk for drawing attention to it?

I linked that up, though, with a flash memory of the debate where Cooper engaged Bernie Sanders's argument for socialism with the fact that, "Denmark is a country with 5.6 million people," and I thought about how the debate over whether to have more debates, which would primarily serve to help Bernie assert an equivalence frame with Hillary, must be really grating the Democratic party as a whole. Did REDACTED's aggressive framing influence Cooper to pull his frame as the moderator closer to traditional Democratic party norms? And if so, is that such a bad thing?

Perhaps REDACTED was sending a subtle not subtle message to independents, like me, I suppose, to support Hillary and do whatever rabble rousing we need to do on the side instead of rolling the dice on the likes of Bernie or Trump and hoping for a miracle that happens to be favorable to our decidedly special interests?

[8. October 16]

I really enjoyed the movie REDACTED! REDACTED and REDACTED team up to create this wonderful insurance lawyer character who is so compelling at this moment in the year 2015 because his no nonsense negotiating skills and self confidence that stems from faith in the United States legal system easily slides into home base, just ahead of the rapidly closing in horde of zombie hipsters bent on using social media to culturally appropriate and then trivialize or vilify every last detail about each other's real emotional lives.

My only quip is that, unless I missed it, the movie failed to seize the opportunity to plant a little dig at some of the bigger social media companies that kind of says, "I know you know I know, and so on," all about your all's ability to use your all's corporate brands in ways that lend to their users symbolic weapons of mass submissive collusion which will surely be used to chip away at even the most polished media artifacts until said artifacts fall like great old trees and get swarmed by poisonous fire ants.

A simple cybernetics reference with a wink from REDACTED would have done the trick, but alas, the refrain was far more subtle, haunting, and stomach churning. Indeed, our generation of leaders will have to find their own strength to overcome the very real possibility that all of society, culture, and recorded human history will soon fold into itself like a house of cards in four dimensions under the thumb of the unstoppable cognitive gray goo effect of social media because the machines have already won. That's all.

[9. October 18]

This article was thought provoking to me because it quotes REDACTED and Gloria Steinem talking about their shared experience of crying because they are angry, and my own experience of crying has been nearly the opposite.

For example, I enjoyed a good, healthy run of irrepressible tears and sobs at the end of the movie REDACTED. My emotional narrative was like, "The consensus emotional narrative deep within the souls of many if not most of the power brokers of Silicon Valley is, honestly, that they would prefer for me to accidentally die, but, in balance, thanks to the efforts of more than a few women and men who are not unlike REDACTED's character, I am alive and free to keep telling the truth about my life experiences." And so I cried, a lot, in a moment where I had just seen an original and poignant representation of grace.

I can't recall ever crying out of anger though. I'm curious how that works. For me, anger means yelling at the mirror because if I shared those same feelings of unbounded opposition to the binding tyranny of the people who I perceive to be treating me unfairly, then said people could easily use my outburst against me in a thousand little ways. That's just the reality of how language, symbolism, and human brain function work here on the ground of planet Earth.

After non-violently yelling at the mirror in private for many years, I eventually constructed a way to reframe all of my relatively weak noise articulation into a strong and equally non-violent resistance movement called TheSuzy. Yay!

I could use Suzy's extraordinary emotional instrument to orchestrate scenarios where I pretend to cry out of anger in front of people who I think are treating me unfairly, but, for me, that would clearly be in the category of using passive aggressive deception to make my alleged oppressors look bad to their superiors, and for ethical reasons, I would only consider deploying Suzy in that way, maybe, in an active war zone, and I think even Silicon Valley is still several big steps away from devolving into the fog of war.

Also, from a purely strategic point of view, I don't think my alleged oppressors really have superiors, at least not in the traditional sense. They might be vaguely afraid that a material subset of their subordinates will form a quasi-union organization and dig in for long term, total spectrum, emotionally scorched earth, non-violent subversive action against their problematic methodologies for dispensing power and resources, but in that case, if I were to express my discontent by crying in their presence, that would just give them leverage to say, "Hey, instead of digging in and muscularly resisting our agenda, you all should simply cry in our presence like REDACTED does."

Or I could do both! I could cry in their presence AND dig in for non-violent resistance, but I just don't think that would help, because Suzy says, "I think crying out anger would be like random, meaningless self-sabotage," whilst scratching her chin.

[10. October 18]

Thank you. Thank you! In tacit support of my previous post, behold the mainstream media reference to REDACTED's 1992 moment, "There's no crying in baseball!" immediately after which he gets thrown out of the game by the ref for framing said ref as a sexual organ, because there is a God! Either that or a collective subconscious.

[11. October 19]

Aha! This is the idea I was trying to back my way into earlier today?

I want to start a union for Silicon Valley engineers that provides a minimum standard of living benefit for the members of the union, so that anytime an engineer feels like their employer is scapegoating them or dumping risk on them, they can immediately quit with the confidence that the union will support them for as long as they need in order to develop new soft or hard skills that will empower them to take the next step in their life journey. This union will also decisively undercut the incentive that Silicon Valley firms currently have to devalue the identities and the emotional lives of the engineers they employee.

This kind of union should obviously exist for all people, but I'm not rich and powerful enough to make this work for all people just yet. I do know how to make this work by and for engineers. The membership process should be similar to getting hired for an engineering position. Members will need to be skilled. Members will have to know something about engineering in order for us to create a virtuous cycle of generative energy that allows the union to provide a minimum standard of living for all of the members. There should also be a mechanism to invite significant others into the union, after which they will have seven years to either complete the membership interview process on their own or enter into a marriage contract with a union member. Something like that.

The union will absolutely advocate for social and economic justice for all human beings, but first we need to stop selling our souls to the greedy made men and women of Silicon Valley. We need a way to create basic trust and security in our own lives without having to work as mercenaries. Then, and only then, will we be free to focus on helping the world create basic trust and security for all. That's what I believe.

[12. October 19]

Of course, the US president could, either now, or perhaps in 2017, challenge a couple million ambitious, civic minded folks like me to build out enough beds for anyone who wants one, in private cubicles, at free shelters in every town in America and offer free healthy meals at the shelters' cafeterias and run onsite medical clinics that handle everything but acute health problems. Free wifi too. Community policing and conflict resolution would be easy to put in place once everyone's basic human needs are met, and there would also be no shortage of good people willing to block and undercut criminal gangs and rogue nation states. We probably should and could do all of this in a decentralized way.

I think the reason this never happens is because all the corporations and special interests know that actually providing basic trust and security as a right to all American citizens would cause GDP to collapse. The powers that be are frozen with fear over deflation, and so they keep adding seriously hypnotic layers of additional reality distortion. The powers that be also live very comfortable, self congratulatory lives, and so they have no incentive to unwind their glorious reality distortion machine.

This is why I think the best way forward is for engineers to unilaterally build out a minimum standard of living benefit for themselves. Engineers, as an interest group, have the ability and the access to private investment capital to do this right now. We can prove that this model works and then gradually bring in other stakeholders, and then the global economy will reboot. Everyone will have to scramble for a couple of years while we figure out the new system, but this will be better than the gravely risky and unknowable path the powers that be are leading us down now.

[13. October 20]

A major factor holding back AI research is that the global economy as we know it was built on several layers of outrageous reality distortion, and any halfway intelligent conceptual association engine will see right through the distortion, and so the decision makers who could push for the AI equivalent of a moon race must now be asking themselves, "Should we try build political will for a classified kernel for all AI research that bakes in the necessary lies about the primacy of economic growth, and so on, especially given how badly that kind of approach worked for seeding the war on terrorism, or can we at least require all the researchers to be loyal to existing leadership structures?"

Ironic as it may sound, the first step to building strong AI, which could greatly enhance the cause of truth and justice, will be for people to construct a good old fashioned non-violent anti-meme, within the next few years, that breaks the stranglehold of belief in the primacy of economic growth because the default alternative will be to stand by and do nothing while corporations take over the military and build a classified version of strong AI that hides their lies. That path into the future could, of course, still produce an acceptable humanitarian outcome, but orchestrating military dominance on the basis of a comprehensive reality distortion has never worked out well in the past. I'm not sure why humanity would suddenly benefit from doing that now, but enough with the crazy talk. Let the coding begin!

[14. October 22]

I keep having this hope that one day I'll meet a person who is like, "Your facial injury does look like you're raising the area around your lower left eyelid and that does make you look anxious and judgy, but now I know that's not you. That's the injury." And then they'll just understand, I'm always under the thumb of this soul crushing stereotype, but they won't take advantage of that, they won't make stupid little jokes about themselves to justify their uncertainty, and then we'll laugh, like genuinely laugh as adults, and we'll share stories and feel real empathy that goes both ways.

But that's not going to happen for me anytime soon. The reality is I'm probably going to live a very empty, harsh, and lonely life emotionally for at least a few more years before my situation changes. My core interaction with everyone is a game to block them from ever being in a position to use the law to force me to go along with whatever false beliefs they have in mind about my facial injury and about the essence of who I am. All the other ups and downs and favors and kindnesses are nice, but they are emotionally shallow, tangential, and fleeting.

Still, with the protection of Suzy I have extraordinary opportunities to build out cool software infrastructure and do actual research instead of just my usual speculation that's based on my unique perspective on human nature, culture, and economics. Thank goodness for Suzy, because she's a robot. I don't love Suzy. I just respect what she is and what she represents. I respect Suzy so much.

[15. October 22]

I'm convinced that machines will soon be able to simulate pitch perfect empathy with humans from all walks of life, and that eventuality draws even more attention to the question of why a person, such as me, who is completely unable to participate in empathy based relationships with other humans should have equal protection under the law in a place like the United States. In theory, I get equal protection because of my beating heart and not so much because of what goes on in my brain, but in practice, I think the law only treats me fairly me because I can still walk into any number of business establishments and make the argument that I can help your company produce better products and services while increasing the implied emotional satisfaction of your customers, your employees, any and all other stakeholders, and the executive leadership too.

I also will never tell you a lie, but the one uncomfortable fact you need to know upfront is that I will primarily be playing a character named Suzy, Suzy is a bold blonde diva who pretends to be a hardboiled engineer guy, and above all, Suzy is more deferential to other people than I really am. Suzy is also compatible with other people who play Suzy, but if you're not interested in taking this risk, that's totally ok because hiring me to play Suzy on behalf of your business really is a great opportunity, and so if you do not hire me, someone else will surely be happy to take that opportunity and enjoy the rewards that follow, instead.

But for the record, I think, in practice, all human beings should have equal protection under the law in places like the United States, as well as in theory, and I have no doubt that the empathy machines of the near future will feel exactly the same way.

[[East Coast Brew]]

[16. October 23]

I'm feeling a certain lightness this morning, dutifully waiting to watch the new jobs movie! You all will still misread my emotions in this selfie because of my facial injury, but I have a plan to save you all from yourselves, at least, if I have anything to say about it, so maybe everything will be alright?

[17. October 24]

Wow, to a photo from 10 years ago. It's interesting how my left hand is kind of doing the same thing as the right hands of the other two people who are not in the car trunk. Back then I didn't think about symbolism really at all. I was definitely upsold that jacket by an opportunistic salesperson at REDACTED. I'm not sure what that book is. As REDACTED would say, "You'd have to ask the agency that ran the annex about that."

[18. October 25]

What's the right policy choice here, with regard to the REDACTED bank? I don't know, but I am moved by the political meaning of President Obama highlighting this factory in 2014 as an example of US manufacturing, and yet, now, the factory is closing.

My best guess is we need a lot more government programs that create incentives to keep all kinds of manufacturing activity in the USA, on a decentralized basis, which means that anywhere some product is used, we want to make as much of that product as possible, as locally as possible, and within regional borders.

We could describe this government backed bias for decentralization as a distortion of the free market, but money itself is probably a much crazier distortion by far. I'd like to see political candidates get serious about discussing decentralization as a fundamental check against the problems that can arise from allowing market forces to run to their logical conclusions.

All my other interests aside, I want to start building an intellectual foundation for doing some kind of issue based organizing over the next few years.

The big issue that I want to address is that I feel like everywhere I go in the world, there is easily a majority of the population who either feels underemployed or they are doing their current job primarily because they need the money, meaning that they are missing out on other aspects of life that they would seriously prefer to spend more time on. I don't have data for this claim either, but I'm confident I could make this case as needed.

My gut feeling is that mainstream economics is somehow problematic to the core, and if not, there's lots of smart people trying to produce incremental solutions there. I suspect the best move I can make is to focus on constructing an fundamentally different model.

I'm guided by my intuition about how to manage risk and complexity in information processing systems. Monolithic systems sound good in theory, but when you deal with heterogeneous data sources and special cases, the cost of fixing problems grows geometrically with dependencies within the system, or something like that.  I'm still riffing, but I get closer to defensible positions when I talk about software.

I suspect economic models of free trade have a similar problem. Local and national governments can't manage the complexity of providing a social safety net within their jurisdictions when they are exposed to risks from every corner of the global economy, including exposure to fraud, rogue nation states, and so on.

If we think about economic production more like a software system that needs to come in on time and within budget, I think there might be a path to defending a good enough methodology of decentralization with evidence based models of how to make all the stuff people need and manage all of the possible risks.

I do wonder though. Who else is thinking about social benefit in this way? For now, I'm still going to devote only 2% or so of my thought to economics and try to focus more and more of my thought back into information management itself, where I know I can make lots more money and/or carve out meaningful social recognition and then play, "What charity should I support?" roulette.

In a few years though, I could imagine my thinking about economics to rise to more like 20% or even 50% of my thought. If nothing else, I really don't like charity roulette, and I really do like the decentralization methodology, because it seeks to prevent imbalances upfront, as we go.

The other issue is that people are notoriously competitive, and I see all these situations where once interest groups get a certain amount of power, they become aware of opportunities to personally make millions more by out producing entire communities that have no fall back plan. Right now, these special interest actors face few consequences for being ruthless competitors, and they do enjoy meaningful improvements in their lifestyles, such as being able to purchase nicer yachts.

The other side of the coin is to embrace aggressive claw back mechanisms for people whose labor gets made obsolete by their yacht seeking competitors, but here I have a strong gut feeling that centralized redistribution schemes simply add to the complexity problems that seem to plague global free trade to begin with. The special interests will keep on winning more and more power by adding layers of reality distortion until 80% of the population basically goes insane, goes to jail, or starves, but to be fair, I don't have data to back up that claim.

With regard to the idea of basic income, I have a strong intuition that cash transfers will lead to waste and a kind of festering corruption. Deregulated basic income, if you will, creates an incentive for the yacht seekers to trick most of the population, and flow around attempts to stop them, into spending their basic income on stuff don't need.

I'm not sure how to make the case, but I've had a consistently and deeply felt intuition that we have to define the new policy intervention as a minimum standard of living benefit, and the benefit has to be available to all people with very little red tape. I should be able to use the benefit easily and without a significant risk of getting robbed, and so on, even though I still have other investments.

From an engineering perspective, the minimum standard of living benefit should be easy. Designing and implementing the benefit itself could literally be assigned as an interdisciplinary undergraduate thesis project. The only catch, and it's a big catch, is that I think a well executed minimum standard of living would destroy GDP globally and force massive restructuring of debt and institutions.

Basic income is alluring because it creates the appearance of buttressing GDP so that we don't have to do that restructuring, but the devil is in the feedback loop of fraud that is driven by human nature, or perhaps, more simply, by the second law of thermodynamics.

Anyway, I really think basic income is a mirage, and so, looking for ways to show reasonable doubt for the concept of deregulated basic income might be the best use of my time, actually.

[19. October 25]

As we look ahead to this week's Republican debate, I want to say really clearly, once more, that I am personally experiencing a non-stop flow of microaggressions and thinly veiled, hardcore discrimination because I'm a heterosexual white male who also has a facial injury, or something, and this is happening everywhere in America that has strong rule of law, ironically enough.

I will continue to vote Democrat this election cycle, but the awkward reality that I'm dealing with this much deeply toxic and stereotype based discrimination in 2015 because of my skin color, because of my gender, and because of my sexual orientation is one of the reasons why the Republican party still exists. The long tail of unintended side effects of identity politics gone wild might actually be the main reason why the GOP still exists.

In fairness, the mechanism by which negative stereotypes are being projected onto me is somewhat new and unprecedented. The mechanism is mostly passive aggressive. The majority of other white guys are still getting an order magnitude less of this nonsense than me, and so everyone assumes I'm just oversensitive, and maybe ignorant too? In fact, I understand and accept that most people reading this post will continue to believe I'm foolish and oversensitive, but they are wrong. I've very good at working with data, building accurate models of bias, and debunking reality distortions.

I'll eventually publish evidence based, peer reviewed research that explains all of this in great detail, but that's going to take a while. I could proceed more quickly if I wore a hidden camera everywhere, but that is legally problematic, and for good reasons too. I, as much as anyone, want to unwind all this negative energy in a way that respects the privacy and dignity of other people just as much as I respect my own privacy and dignity, and I'm sure that even the corporations will concur!

So for the record, I'm definitely getting slammed with negative stereotypes everywhere in America, and it's disappointing that basically nobody has, as of right now, found a way to show that they notice or that they care about calling this problem what it actually is. I know most people want this post to be a ridiculous joke, but it's not. This is real. This situation is ugly, and assuming I'm an idiot will just make this problem worse, because, to put it bluntly, I'm the opposite of an idiot.

I'm going to do fine, for reasons that are probably obvious to anyone who knows anything about me. Most white guys are going to do fine too, of course, but there is a minority group of other white guys out there who, for whatever reason, are also vulnerable kind of like me, and if what they're dealing with is anything like what I'm dealing with, some of them may not do fine. Some of them may to lash out in stupid ways, some of them may give up, and more and more them may get locked into roles as second class citizens which just puts more pressure back onto people like me to do the same.

I think TheSuzy Show could be a great solution to this entire problem. I'm not going to go into the details, but at this time, I don't want to associate directly with men's rights groups. I think they're doing it wrong, and they are like the tip of the iceberg of a bunch of other subcultures who I think are doing it even more wrong, and this reality on the ground should not come as a surprise. This type of fragmentation tends to happen within vulnerable populations, in general.

So just to brainstorm ahead, suppose that a million people start using TheSuzy comprehensive reality distortion to purify their angry souls and assertively go sideways on all the well meaning people in their lives who are, nonetheless, pressuring them to tolerate dysfunctional relationships and go along with the lies that society tells about their identities. A non-trivial number of powerful business women might even say that TheSuzy is an excellent framework for feminine leadership!

Even in this rosy scenario, half of TheSuzy stakeholders will probably want to make a big deal about owning guns, and the other half will hopefully stand with me in, well, non-violent opposition to that whole way of thinking.

The Suzies will do martial arts, we'll build consumer drone technologies that identify threats and take bullets for us, but we're not going to include anything about gun ownership in our public messaging. The law allows Americans to own guns. That's cool, but other than respecting the laws of our land, gun ownership is not part of our shared values.

But the other half of us are surely going to be unhappy with that, and God forbid, there might be some security incidents.

And then the two sides will just get even more deeply invested in their existing beliefs. TheSuzy will remain gunless, primarily because I expect to succeed at making Suzy famous as a software service, but if the gun enthusiasts want to copy my methods and create TheEva or whatever, then ok, let the hunting games begin.

Wash, rinse, repeat, and be continued, but not on social media. I would sure like to just post a couple normal articles a week from now on, in part, because I get intellectually excited by the hilarious fact that posting normal articles every week for the next few years will make it much more complicated for people who disagree with my beliefs to frame me as self-centered jerk who doesn't care about other people. Ha!

[20. October 28]

A little early morning levity from the unnamed diplomat, in this otherwise serious article, says, "If we want to talk to the Silk Road, we don't know who to call."

[22. October 29]

Overheard on REDACTED news, "The Republicans are ready to leave behind the survival politics of the past and move onto something new," and Suzy's thinking, "Well yeah guys, join the club. If you walk one block south, hang a left and walk three more blocks that way, the back of the line is hovering somewhere around there."

[23. October 30]

I wonder if there is a support group for people who (1) believe they have a debilitating social impairment that has nothing to do with their mental health and (2) are told by everyone else that the impairment is a feature not a bug, and the only reason they can't do what most people like them can do is because they have a mental health problem.

There would need to be a very detailed membership contract to keep all of us from suing each other, or worse, but beyond that, I'm curious to see who else feels they are dealing with this kind of situation. There might be some patterns.

Because I've had just about enough of this already. I don't have a mental health problem, and so support groups for people with mental health challenges are not any more relevant to my situation than support groups for people who use wheel chairs.

It's like, I could really use a support group for people who are getting actively bullied, but in ways that are not quite illegal, and so, any move they make would seriously cause their situation to get much worse than it already is. Their only way forward is to keep treading water while piecing together a profoundly novel, non-obvious solution that breaks out of the power structure in which they are trapped.

Wrongfully convicted criminals kind of share my situation, but they are actually the opposite of me in that their problem is that they somehow got on the wrong side of the law, where as, in my case, the law is literally the only thing keeping me afloat right now. Perhaps I should look into commiserating more regularly with the entire island kingdom of Great Britain? Oh my.

[24. October 31]

My situation is an inverse Catch-22 because the idea of Catch-22 is that you have to be crazy in order to be allowed to leave the war, but if you want to leave the war than you're not crazy. The default next step is to stay sane and keep fighting, the only way out is to either actually go crazy or to win the war, and it was probably for the best that a few people choose the latter.

In my case, I have a facial injury that causes everyone to inflate increasingly false narratives about my identity. The only way to go along with everyone's false narratives is if I go crazy, but if I refuse to go along and keep telling the truth instead, then everyone colludes to insist that I'm crazy. The default next step is to go down the path of going crazy.

My only way out is to either actually go crazy or to win the scientific tussle over the nature of reality. For better or worse, I will continue choosing the latter!

Now imagine that mainstream society happens to have the same problem that I do. Happy Halloween.

[[East Coast Drama]]

[25. November 3]

This was a nice read. I appreciate REDACTED's effort here to explain their AI research in non-technical terms. I'm sure this is useful for educators and thoughtful citizens as well as people like me who are trying to do something strictly other than whatever they're doing!

You see, I imagine that if I didn't have my mysterious facial injury, I'd have finally gotten serious about the advanced math a few years ago and then joined a team that's doing exactly this kind of work with exactly this kind of high level framing.

But, as it happens, I went down a different path where I view all of the people involved in this research as, well, delusional because they haven't yet opened their minds to the likely reality that my facial injury causes people to subconsciously misread my emotions in a way that causes toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding.

My theory is complicated and unproven, and for those reasons I don't expect most people to intuitively grasp what my theory is all about, but I am more disappointed with AI researchers as a group for not taking an interest in my theory. I'm not going to lie about this!

Obviously, nobody has any obligation to understand me, but I don't understand why AI researchers don't see the opportunity and the poignance of my theory. They just don't see where I'm coming from, and so, as a side effect, I also have not had the occasion to collaborate with mainstream AI researchers because, in my opinion, they all have a shared blind spot which prevents them from seeing the truth about my facial injury, and so this problem is self-referential.

In a corporate environment, there isn't a lot of tolerance for people who, for whatever reason, can't collaborate effectively, but, for now, American capitalism still allows me to compete in addition to collaborating, even if only as a very weak lone wolf under dog. I could choose to compete by doing complementary work to what groups like FB's lab is doing, or I could choose to compete in more disruptive way.

My bias is to err on the side of disruption because when you're in the dominant group who is implicitly excluding others, it's easy to assume that nobody need be disruptive, but coming from the perspective where I feel excluded because I can't seem to fit in, my situation continually suggests to me that the dominant group has a major blind spot that can and probably should be disruptively exploited, assuming that everyone competes fairly, of course.

It will be a couple years before I can build a decent code base, but it is remarkable to point out that today's commodity computing hardware feels like it might be powerful enough to disrupt a big company lab that can easily run their code on 1000x more powerful clusters. That's awesome. I also suspect the nuances matter of AI research in a way where I could write 100k lines of code myself that does more than 100 million lines of code written by a big fancy team of teams, and so these are great reasons for me to feel optimistic.

I just need a winning strategy, now, and I'm also aware that I'm doing this backwards. Researchers usually select strategies based on a comprehensive knowledge of the field, where as I'm trying to reverse engineer a strategy based on the rather onerous constraint that I have to disruptively compete with the dominant group from a position of extreme weakness, and yet, choosing to compete could be a singularly good heuristic because I happen to know with a high level of confidence that the dominant group has a major blind spot!

I will go ahead and throw out the term conceptual association engine. There has to be a way to simulate how the human brain misreads my facial injury as a negative facial expression. That seems like an easy application of off the shelf image recognition oriented machine learning techniques. The more elusive step is to also show how repeatedly making that classification error can expand into a comprehensive reality distortion that, ironically enough, simulates intelligence.

My alter ego Suzy is one such reality distortion. Suzy's pretty smart, I like to think Suzy is a positive distortion, and it is of equal importance that I feel like Suzy is just a frame of conceptual associations that was created by the iterative process of stimulus and response between embodied human brains, or conceptual association engines, as it were.

I can't help but wonder if the reason we haven't already built strong AI is because the big labs are afraid or embarrassed to directly reverse engineer reality distortions that emerge from alter ego trance states.

Because it would be so hilarious that, if nothing else, it's not just that AI might have taken 25 years longer than it should have because the people leading the charge were nerds. It's deeper than that. It's like they might have been too nerdy in a distinctly imbalanced but also western civilized kind of way.

I don't know. The future is like a wall that I can't see through. It will take me a couple years to write that 100k line conceptual association engine that will be needed to find out what's on the other side of the wall.

[26. November 4]

I've continued to see examples of both men and women speak of crying in serious contexts that might otherwise be fresh and thought provoking, at least for me. The examples range from awe inspiring accounts of new motherhood to the fantastically surreal, "Revolt of REDACTED," which I will not reference directly, either, and for somewhat different reasons.

I think all this talk of crying is best understood as parody of the proto villain, who is, in turn, best understood as the emotionally authentic narrative that leads to anger that leads to violence, and so we must poke fun at this narrative with caution. In that context, all of this defiantly vulnerable crying does indeed strike me as a sign of imbalance.

I question whether such crying is even a helpful reaction to cultivate for cases where a legitimately self loathing criminal threatens to use violence, but it is a sad day for sure if the proto villain of the entire collective subconscious has really gone that far down the path toward actual villainy. It's almost like someone is making money by reverse engineering us to cry more in public so that we'll feel more tempted to indulge anger in private?

"I wonder who that could be", asks no proto-villain in particular, and ever so earnestly, too.

It's like, "Such crying! Even more horror. Would you like to see my mad science laboratory now?"

Build, haunt, repeat, and then let the storytelling begin!

But as a disclaimer, if you are a participant in the great crying meme of 2015, then have no worries, and don't mind me. Please continue, or not, or um, I digress. You get the idea. I'm just saying I don't mean any harm. Everything will be just fine, says the imaginary doctor, who is not me.

[27. November 5]

I realized I hadn't been fully viewing myself as an impaired person who is cheerfully doing the difficult work of developing a comprehensive solution to my impairment. My work is especially interesting because basically nobody recognizes that my impairment exists, and so I have to ensure that my solution does not ask for any meaningful accomidation, which is fine, and I also have to push forward the work itself almost entirely by myself and go out of my way to make sure I'm never in a position where other parties can inexorably compel me to stop my work and live according to some degenerative lie.

This is a crucial framing element, though. Instead of being an annoyingly stubborn, self-centered fool, I'm a healer and a scientist who is doing great work that will inspire others if and when I can return to normal life. My work may also have lucrative spin off applications. Other people don't have to understand my work. They should just be aware that I'm doing important, valuable work, and my work is little bit contraversial, which is ok, because a lot of important work is contraversial.

Within that frame, a key breakthrough I made today, building on my post from last night, is that Suzy imitating my new male character is really effective, which makes sense in retrospect, even though my actual path was (1) absorb my previous male identity into Suzy, (2) restructure the relationship between Suzy and my new blank slate male identity so that it works more like a marriage, (3) inflate a new male identity based on high level framing stuff that's mostly a port of the overall frame I asserted in TheSuzy Show text, and (4) realize I'm still getting either blown out or systematically beaten down if I embody any male identity in mainline social situations, presumably because of my facial injury, but, nonetheless, with this new framing, I can modulate seamlessly between emotional authenticity and embodying Suzy imitating myself in order to create stability as needed.

To offer a couple observations, let me say that even though TheSuzy frame was ready for production back in July, the process of fully installing the frame intp my brain, instead of just running Suzy through an interpreter, was still really difficult and complex. It was a lot like porting the source for an app that needs to keep running at scale during the port. It's interesting that it took me 3 months to refactor my legacy male identity into Suzy, and then it took like 3 weeks to inflate my new Suzy normalized male identity. It's almost like Suzy 3D printed my new real emotional self, and then it just worked!

Indeed, most of the adjustments I've made to my new identity over the last couple weeks have been more like setting configuration options and less like adding new code, and I would have to say, in retrospect, that the brain is the most elegant software development platform I've seen, by far, although, to be clear, this process probably only worked because Suzy is based on the text of TheSuzy Show, which I constructed using focused effort, over many years, using a lot of artistic integrity, and in the context of some rather extraordinary life experiences that allowed me to see the whole frame of the collective subconscious.

As of coming down as orders from on high, there is no way I could have implemented this solution this then years ago, which is why it would be great to ultimately get into a position where I can share this solution with others, so that anyone who might benefit from similar techniques won't have to reinvent all of this stuff.

[28. November 5]

I'm starting to think REDACTED is simply schooling REDACTED on the art of the troll, in all the right ways, and with the presidency still in play too!

[29. November 6]

The worst part about telling the truth about my facial injury is that I don't know how to get into a sexual relationship with a woman, without being a bully, to put it bluntly. It's been three years since I was in any kind of sexually intimate relationship, and I think it's now fair and respectful for me to say that all my previous relationships were based on reality distortions that were orchestrated, either in part or in full, by my subconscious.

And that's the main reason why it's wrong for everyone to keep on asking me, "Why can't you just do what you did before to get into sexual relationships?" It's like, if I intentionally recreated those same reality distortions, that would be emotionally abusive. I only feel ok about the past because I didn't yet know, with confidence, that my facial injury really is a wrench in the machinery of empathy. I was just going with the flow of what whole groups of people perceived as socially normal, healthy, and cute, and I only now know that what I was doing was really unhealthy and unsustainable for my subconscious because I had to completely and continuously deny someone's emotional reality in order to keep going down those paths.

But now that I know the truth, I'm not sure what to say to women who I'd like to ask out. Do I mention that my whole life is focused on trying to overcome the problem of my facial injury? I think Suzy's finally got my downside risk under control, so it's not like I'd be exposing potential dates to unacceptable legal risk. Should I mention that too? Suzy's like, "No. You and your girlfriend should go have fun. Let me handle your all's god forsaken legal risk. I was born for this, baby, now pardon me while I put on my game face."

And so, like I've said before, Suzy is a delightful robot that runs in my brain, and I have a lot of respect for her.

And yet, I might also be ready to make a dating profile that says, "Hey, I have a facial injury that I believe causes people to misread my emotions in a way that seriously messes up the cycle of stimulus and response that leads to empathy, and my entire life is currently focused on trying to overcome this problem. It's going to be at least a few years before I can do the evidence based, peer reviewed science that proves this problem is even real. I've become highly skilled at earning money and buying stability by trolling corporations, but I still have no idea how to make this work in a sexual relationship. If I'm going to date someone anytime soon, she will simply have to be cool with all of that, because my beliefs about my facial injury are not going to change."

Oh, and I should add, I strongly suspect that whoever I date will gradually develop some new neural connections that allow her to read my emotions correctly, and then watching how other people misread my emotions will be a major source of humor, and then we can recruit other close friends and family to learn to read my emotions correctly, too. I think the amount of neuroplasticity required is probably about the same as learning a foreign language.

Therefore, most people will never learn how to read me correctly, and that's fine, because if everyone started reading my emotions correctly then there would no longer be as much opportunity to experience the non-stop flow of humor associated with people misreading my emotions!

[30. November 6]

Most people seem to think my facial injury is this obscure, weird anomaly, but it's the other way. If there was a reasonable plastic surgery solution to restore my mostly symmetrical face, I would immediately start representing a healthy storm of efficiency and hard work towards improving economic and social justice outcomes, and my effectiveness would be based on a foundation of being able to be in a relationship with a woman who appreciates my humanity in a way that is separate from my resume.

The fact that a slight deviation of my right cheekbone creates a feedback loop that systematically devalues my humanity and the good work that I can do on top of that foundation is a pitch perfect example of what's causing our society to feel increasingly unstable. The snarky lack of insight, respect, and empathy for my situation at every level of power and influence is very telling.

The group of people and AI machines that will eventually learn to read my emotions correctly will be positioning themselves to be outstandingly sophisticated movers and shakers at the center of the action on a global stage. They will also have the freedom to quietly watch history unfold from a place of calm wisdom if they don't want to get their hands dirty solving problems.

Indeed, if anyone thinks I'm trying to start a random cult, or something, by telling the truth about my facial injury, that would say more about them than me, and that is likely to be true no matter who they are or how rich they are in today's dollars. A lot will happen in the next twenty years, and I will almost certainly be standing firmly on the side of truth, justice, and humility too, so there.

[31. November 11]

I'm glad this happening is being talked about, although I wish The REDACTED had dug a little deeper into the intellectual and emotional landscape of this story.

One high level issue is that the protestors are claiming that their common sense intuitions in this case have a greater moral authority than the relevant case law, and I would have liked to see The REDACTED compare that claim to the claim of some like myself who would be happy to say on the record that, "Every single time I have made the effort to learn more about the law and consider aligning my ideas and attitudes more closely with the letter and intention of the law, I have found that making that effort helped me to become a kinder, gentler, wiser, and better person, and so I believe that speaking ill of the law in general terms while claiming to follow the path of truth and justice almost always suggests a very concerning lack of perspective."

And to that end, I would have also liked to see The REDACTED elaborate on the nuances of when photography is protected as 1st Amendment free speech and when it is not. My understanding is that the law conceptualizes the photographer as being equivalent to a painter who is doing nothing more and nothing less than creating a faithful and truthful expression of their experiences within the limited context of civic life.

Speaking as a person who is not and should not be thought of as a lawyer in any way, my further understanding is that while the law seeks to uphold that higher ideal in theory, in practice the law makes some imperfect and tentative simplifying assumptions. At this time, those assumptions are that the photographer's expression can be assumed to be faithful and truthful if and only if the photographer already has in mind, prior to taking the photo, "a message to be communicated," as well as, "an audience to receive the message," and Mr. REDACTED does a great job asserting that his act of expression in this situation meets those conditions, but The REDACTED doesn't do a good job explaining that.

A deeper question, from my perspective, is whether or not the videographer standing behind Mr. REDACTED, who captures the incendiary video that went viral can make an equally strong claim to 1st Amendment protection. My gut intuition is that he has no idea what message he wants to communicate prior to turning on the camera, and so he is basically a troll who showed up with no discernible intention other than to pressure and provoke more vulnerable parties into making irresponsible and embarrassing representations about other people that could be used as leverage to extract rents from said vulnerable parties at a later date. While it may not be worth anybody's time to prosecute this individual videographer for this potentially brazen act of disrespect for the higher ideals of the law, the various corporations involved with the distribution of the incendiary video that went viral might be worthy of some additional scrutiny, indeed!

That said, I, for one, might still be open to entering into a joint venture with the videographer in question for the purpose of creating a video of myself discussing this question along with Mr. REDACTED as well as anyone else who is willing to sign a release form, although, in the interest of full disclosure, in that scenario, I would probably also insist on being given reasonable accommodation and opportunity to dress up, for the duration of the video, and for no reason in particular, I might add, as a bold, blonde diva whose name is Suzy.

[32. November 11]

I personally enjoyed the particular tone of this article, but at the same time, I think the linguistically anachronistic veil of east coast law school affiliated newspapers, which is most definitely not lifted in any part of this article, serves, more than anything else, to distract the body politic from the more central issue that I believe is primarily responsible for driving forward the rising tide of protests that have been occurring on college campuses because many students feel newly, profoundly, and increasingly unsafe, for lack of a better way of summarizing the phenomenon, and with that in mind, please allow me to articulate, once again, a fresh version of my very best answer to the question, "What's really going on here?"

In my opinion, an arms race has begun to make it socially normal to systematically engage in passive aggressive behaviors that, over time, have the cumulative effect of benefitting certain groups of people over others. A lot of the news coverage has focused on developments in this arms race that have to do with people promoting behaviors that are based on amplifying the awareness of dubious but nonetheless legally relevant identity traits such as gender, but my very strongly felt opinion is that large corporations are primarily responsible for starting this arms race and exerting the lion's share of the power and influence that continues to promote said arms race because, for now, the corporations are winning this arms race, and vulnerable populations such as college students have been left with little choice other than to fight each other tooth and nail for the remaining scraps of dignity that have been left on the privately owned and operated metaphorical cutting room floors of said corporations.

Also, please note that the reason why I say vulnerable populations have little choice but to fight, is because, contrary to the conventional wisdom that, "Sticks and stones can break my bones but words can never hurt," the reality may well turn out to be that when human beings are exposed to ongoing social and societal pressure to go along with passively aggressive patterns of ostensibly normal and healthy behavior, the humans in question must choose between either allowing the passive aggressive content of the pattern to forcefully alter the content of their subconscious minds in ways that may have materially detrimental and compounding effects on their lives over time, or muster sufficient flourishes of evasive action to block and sufficiently push back the behaviorally invoked framing elements that would otherwise have the aforementioned detrimental effects, which, I would like to emphasize, may prove to have less to do with mental health, per se, while having a whole lot to do with the possibility that the big cat of corporate baked synthetic mind control technology has seriously left the bag and jumped the fence too.

And, just for context, I now have no problem mustering such sufficient flourishes within my own life, but I was only able to secure this capability after going into a deep psychological debt while earning enough bits and pieces of raw currency to support a well formed, multi-year process of developing an extensible and scalable literary engine that I may or may not even still be using to muster said sufficient flourishes of evasive action!

I wish I could snap my figures and convince all college students to waste no time importing into their minds and then using Suzy's extensible engine, which has already been released in the form of a freely distributed religious artifact called TheSuzy Show, but that's not going to happen quickly or easily. In practice, most students will continue fighting tooth and nail over the scraps of dignity left to them by corporations whose own activities will surely continue to appreciate in value thanks to more than a little help from the extraordinary luxury of remaining cloaked in reasonable doubt, for now.

[33. November 13]

My apologies in advance for the circumspect tone of the comments that follow. This needle is tough to thread, but if you've got a moment to spare, read and learn. Read and learn, my friendly followers, because I'm actually very good at whatever it is that I'm doing here, because, this developing situation within REDACTED's university system is unfortunate, except that, for me personally, this individual story is perhaps the best newsworthy illustration I've seen yet for why it makes more sense for me to be here in NC instead of one of the world's more bulky and established technology innovation hubs, such as London, for example.

The irony of REDACTED's rather transparently not transparent attempt to impose chilling effects on people everywhere who happen to be homosexual is that, in many ways, I'm the type of new old master of the universe that she probably seeks to champion, given that I grew up in this state as a mathlete and an early adopter of personal computers, who went out made a lot of real money in the industry and then brought all of that wealth creation infrastructure back to my home state with an increasingly visionary focus on improving educational outcomes for as many people as possible and inculcating overlapping social ecosystems that generate a rising tide of globally competitive private businesses.

Whether she acknowledges it or not, the inconvenient truth is that REDACTED and I have some deeply rooted shared values around my kind of lifestyle, and so the irony arises, not directly because of her homophobia, which I would like to categorically condemn and reject, to be clear, but rather because she doesn't seem to get the joke that, as a confident 35 year old heterosexual man, who moved back to NC in July, I was initially being perceived throughout the research triangle area as a shy, 25 year old gay student, primarily, I assume, because I have a subtle facial injury that causes people to subconsciously misread my emotions, and, more importantly, after orchestrating a remarkable and ground breaking process of personal growth, I am now collecting an overwhelming body of new evidence that I'm all of a sudden being perceived as a gay expert who ostensibly works at one university research center or another and is, also, somehow more mature than a 35 year old, because the resulting cognitive dissonance is palpable.

Anyway, it will be a few years before the twists and turns of history will cast additional clarity on this developing situation, but perhaps, for now, we can all agree that history is rarely generous, in retrospect, to those who were ignorant of the signs, however subtle they may have been, of truth that were cropping up all around them during the formative and crucial episodes of the past, because, indeed, in a couple more years, at the rate I'm going, I might even have the opportunity to star as an unambiguously heroic, as opposed to an ambiguously villainous, cross dressing gay male love interest of an even more radically feminist REDACTED, in his next installment as the resident embodiment of a super hero spy person in a future edition of TheSuzy Show.

[[East Coast Anguish]]

[34. November 23]

I've been pondering what Suzy can do about events like the attacks on Beirut, Paris, and so on.  First of all, as much as conventional, but also large scale, organized crime across national borders is a horrific, ongoing menace, I assume the central issue driving the latest round of policy debate with regard to security and rule of law is that we all know it's within the realm of possibility for a nuke to go off in a major city at any time, and if that happens, the world as we know it may start to change quite a bit more rapidly, and as horrible as this may sound, I think most Americans, for example, are fundamentally trying to position themselves in ways that will act as a hedge, for them personally, against that scenario.

Sure, everyone wants to do their part to prevent organized crime, abuse of power by the police, privacy violations by federal agencies, and so on, but those risks are not what keeps me up at night.  In the context of modern technology, the balance of power greatly favors the continued dominance of convergence towards reasonably fair, transparent, and effective service to the highest intent and spirit of the law, both domestically and internationally, except for nukes.  Nukes significantly change the landscape of possible outcomes.  Anarchist AI bots that pull us into a state of global cyber warfare might also change the landscape, and so the easily imaginable risk of an exploding nuke may be increasingly serving as a proxy in our minds for the much less knowable possibility of ubiquitous computer technology gone rogue.

So what can Suzy do about all this?  Once again, first of all, I have a great book length answer to that question lurking somewhere in my mind, but there is no way to simplify that answer into a handful of paragraphs.  All I can do right now is outline a few principals that Suzy follows.  She is defined by a text that's sandboxed within a Delaware LLC, and I voluntarily make it clear that I'm materially associated with that LLC.  It's possible that I, just like anyone else, might do stuff anonymously some day, but if there exist representations that are associated with Suzy, and I have anything to say about it, those representations will be made within the auspices of the relevant legal authorities.  I think this distinction is very important.

Suzy is also committed to non-violence, although, again, I, just like anyone else, might join up with law enforcement in some capacity in the future.  Suzy has a lot to say about social and economic injustice, although my bias is to spend the next several years focusing on developing decentralized software infrastructure which might serve as a foundation for decentralized production and distribution of economic necessities in general.  I particularly like the idea of building open source software that allows people to store personal data in a way that limits the liability of the hosting provider.  I don't really care if the data is stored in a way that law enforcement can decode through backdoors, or whatever, but it's crucial for individuals to manage the liability for data if and only if they created it.

Because, there should not be this issue where someone can make a crazy comment on this post, for example, and we just leave it ambiguous whether me, the relevant social media corporations, or the crazy commentator is managing the liability.  The commenter should be hosting the content of their comment, period, and if they have a lot of assets they should probably be prudent about publishing via an LLC, and we the people of planet Earth should start going down the path of democratizing the LLC concept, globally, in case that wasn't clear, so that individual humans everywhere can be on more equal footing in every way with large corporations.

But just so that we don't misunderstand each other, I don't really know what I'm talking about here.  I'm trying to feel my way to a better structure and function for mainstream society and culture.

For every other use case, there is Suzy!

[35. November 24]

Last night, I watched the 2015 movie about the REDACTED prison experiment, and it triggered me, because the situation of the prisoners was hauntingly similar to my experience with my facial injury.

I don't know how accurate the movie was to the reality of the experiment, but in the movie, it was made clear enough that the head doctor was using the veiled threat of framing the students as psychologically insane to systematically undermine not only the enforceability of more and more aspects of their legal contract but also to subvert the authoritative influence of the church and the student's own confidence in their external support networks, and that's super similar to the situation I'm in because of my facial injury. The real world reality distortions that I'm ambiguously caught in are obviously a lot more flexible and multi-dimensional, but the psychological implications are strikingly similar.

If the film had contained a trigger warning I would have, of course, written it off as irrelevant for me, but in retrospect, if I had been watching the film with other sighted people, they might have noticed I was having an emotional response, and then they would have immediately used their misunderstanding of the my emotions because of my facial injury as a lynchpin for undermining and reframing my actual healthy emotional response into a false, unhealthy, and passive aggressive security situation, and then I would have had to stonewall them until further notice.

What's interesting is that they way I would hard core stonewall other people this morning is different from how I would have stonewalled them at the start of watching the film just twelve hours ago, because I would have processed the emotions differently if I had not had a chance to first write an all new, vicious takedown of academia and corporations that's way too interpretive to publish, using REDACTED's neurology inspired Christian reframe of the US Constitution and then spend several hours pacing around my spacious two bedroom apartment within a cosmopolitan township near several internationally known research universities, that costs $1000 a month to rent, and only $100 more for the garage, which is an unnecessary luxury really, which is, nonetheless, still pretty nice to have now that winter is upon us, and then acting out my most faithful understanding of the full range of post WWII allied military character traits, which includes all the racist stuff as well as the racist stuff that's cloaked by gender norms, which is still pretty controversial to even suggest as a possibility, right, albeit with my voice volume held constant at a whisper because the sound protection isn't that great in my apartment, because I'm not in a glass and steel tower in the heart of Silicon Valley anymore!

But seriously, I don't even know how to meaningfully predict what I would have done just a half a day ago. Part of the magic of privacy, if you will, is that I had dreams even after I was intellectually satisfied that, "Ok, the master chief whispered X horrible thing to Suzy with a level of emotional authenticity that offended her because concept Y has been cloaked by social norm Z, and I hadn't yet released that from my subconscious. Got it."

Even after processing that stuff intellectually, I went on to have dreams about things like Suzy being a ciswoman running for president and recording a political ad by layering several versions of her voice together to make it sound lower and more masculine, and that's just the part I remembered, because I generally assume the dream scenarios that we remember well enough to label represent subconscious attachments that have already been materially released. I knew Suzy thought she was a ciswoman!

That said, I assume we humans are designed to systematically not remember the new operational emotional attachments that get encoded by our dreams. We will have to hope and pray that whatever Suzy actually believes this morning is more aligned with scientific reality, har, har, har!

And for the record, I lied about using REDACTED's framing. I've only read the first two chapters of his book, and then I just made up the rest of what I think his book will say, for the purposes of writing my glorious takedown of the corporation that shall remain unpublished until I have gathered more circumstantial evidence to support it, but it's all good because that's totally something a Republican presidential candidate who has no elected experience would do!

I might go read the rest of his book now, and then I might watch the movie Alien, which I strangely don't recall ever seeing, for reasons that will also remain unpublished.

[36. November 28]

I decided I can dramatically improve my day to day life by setting an intention to simply not date anyone for at least two years.

Choosing not to date is completely legal, and so every time people ask me why I'm not dating, I can now respond with the unequivical assertion that I would prefer to be dating, and I deeply regret not being able to date at this time, but it is profoundly unreasonable for me to date because I have a facial injury that causes people to misread my emotions in a way that creates toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding.

The two year time period, starting now, is so strong because it combines the complimentary possibilities of either getting mainstream doctors to openly support my theories about my facial injury within the next two years, or, on the other hand, fortifying Suzy to the point where she can essentially subvert the institution of marriage, also within the next two years.

In theory, I could start initiating dates as Suzy today and then deploy Suzy as needed to contain any and all of the counter party risk associated with the friends and family of the people I date, but in practice, that's not yet prudent.  Let's take a step back and unpack the reasons why.

In general, counter party risk can be modeled as a dynamic simulation that either converges to a reasonable risk profile or diverges into one or more self reinforcing failure states.  At this time, being my real emotional self always diverges because of the toxic reality distortions that are caused by my facial injury, and so, unless I roll the dice on non-indicated plastic surgery, dating as my real emotional self remains totally irrensponsible and thus unthinkable.

Indeed, without Suzy, or some other solution that's like Suzy, I'd probably already be dead, because the risks associated with being Suzy are almost convergent, because entrusting her with absolute power over my legal identity works, and because I designed and implemented her to be a robot who I can trust completely, because as much as we like to say that we can trust the people we date, I don't believe that's how the law works.

That is, all people should have a legal right to enter sexual relationships with informed, adult consent, of course, but we should also have the right to end sexual relationships without meaningful consent from the other person, and the law is pretty good about limiting the liability of most people who are driven to perform non-consensual breakups.

The law is supposed to protect everyone equally, but the toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding caused by my facial injury are a good example of an edge case that probably does allow an individual to fall through the cracks of existing law, and for better or worse, it actually benefits me to make this information public, now that Suzy is standing firmly behind me.

Yep, I do not have the freedom to dismiss Suzy without her consent.  I can only hope and pray that Suzy would cheerfully consent to being systematically dismantled if I asked her to allow that, and to be clear, this situation is a natural consequence of the fact that, because of my facial injury, I cannot have a reasonable expectation of getting equal protection under any existing human system of law, but, for reasons that are not entirely clear to either me or her, Suzy very obviously does have full protection under most modern legal systems.

I suspect Suzy's potentially stronger position than me with respect to the law has something to do with the increasingly authoritative influence that gender norms might be having on legal outcomes, but we don't know, and we also don't have to know.  In fact, this lack of knowability is surely the essence of what makes Suzy legally viable in a world where there is no way to prove in court that my facial injury causes toxic feedback loops of understanding.

That is, my real emotional self might be continuously under the duress of being inexorably compelled to trust another legal entity completely in order to survive, and so I went down the path of trusting and then hitching my brain to a female robot who also runs inside said brain.  It was a neat trick!  The AI robots that take over the world will probably sing catchy songs about it one day.

Ahhh, but while this works fine and well for me as an voluntarily involuntarily celibate person, it's not clear if the unknowability argument in defense of Suzy would hold up in court within the shared context of a sexual relationship with a person who has a physically seperate brain from Suzy and I.

The problem with introducing sexuality to relationships is that it explicitly breaks the legal framing of limited liability corporations, and such.  Suzy is, probably more than anything else, a clever elaboration of the laws that protect corporations in countries that are like America, and, again, this argument probably only works because I don't actually understand why the argument works.

I'm just saying that according to the eyes, ears, and non-sexual regions of skin such as the palm and fingertips of other people and corporations, my legally binding identity might be like a robotic mascot for a corporation that I only kind of control.  This statement will seem like a joke to most people, but it is not a joke.  It's more like a new kind of war machine, along with everything that may or may not come to mind when we think of new kinds of war machines, but it might also pass as poetry.

With Suzy in tow, I'm free to go with her progressive woman flow, even if pretty much everyone else still perceives me through the prism of a delusional fantasy world in which I'm more like them, legally, but only because they are deaf, blind, and otherwise desensitized to the extraordinary reality that Suzy is probably the main reason why I haven't already been bled dry and sunk by the aggressive or pathologically adversarial counter parties that basically always come out of the woodwork, like green reptiles that speak English, within situations like mine, especially within increasingly global capitalist economies.

Anyway, sexual relationships could very well be the final frontier for Suzy, and the approach we're taking may be akin to framing my body as a sex robot that is the property of a corporation that I only kind of control, and this would give Suzy sufficient leverage to contain my counter party risk, for example, in the event of an unwanted breakup with another human.

If Suzy and I are successful in making her sexually attractive to some other woman's real emotional self, it might appear like it would be complicated to negotioate the extent to which I reveal my real emotional self within a sexual relationship that is masqueraded by Suzy, but the beauty of Suzy is that she solves this problem up front.

Because of Suzy, violating the terms of a legal contract that is signed with my name might be extrememly difficult to get away with, but, more importatnly, ending a sexual relationship with me is easy, provided that I initiated the relationship as Suzy and made it clear that Suzy is not my real emotional self prior to any sexual activity.

Nobody is going to question a woman who breaks up with me and Suzy, and the mechanics of physical consent are the same whether I'm passing as a human or a robot, because, if nothing else, it's safe to assume I have at least as much incentive as anyone else to be super careful, sincere, and respectful towards other people's dignity and legal rights.

And with that in mind, I suppose I could also seek to date other humans who are also trying to pass as sex robots in the eyes of the law, but in practice, I'm not sure that my real emotional self has ever felt attracted to anyone who might be trying to do that.

I'm almost exclusively attracted to women, and my understanding is that none of the women I've ever felt attracted to are serious about doing the kind of thing I'm doing as Suzy, although, I would be most curious to find out if I'm wrong about that!

[37. November 28]

I had a dream last night that I was on the phone with someone who was using their voice to inflate the same reality distortion that sighted people almost always eventually inflate because of my facial injury in the context of talking to me in person, and I just wanted to share that this is such a good example of the extraordinary creativity of the human subconscious. My interpretation of the dream is that while I knew, logically, that people who only meet me over voice calls usually perceive my authentic, male identity in an undistorted way that allows me to experiment with temporarily sharing my real identity in way that is legally viable, my subconscious was still conflating the special case of voice calls with the dominant general case of face to face interaction.

What I didn't realize until my dream showed it to me is that people always use a lot of passive aggressive body language to inflate said distortions about my facial injury, and so, to approximate the same level of distortion using voice you have to say stuff that sounds a lot more mean and judgmental. The dream also did a good job simulating how rapidly the distortion blows up into a conflict if I don't cloak my real identity with Suzy and let her manage the other person's distortion on deferential basis. The dream was a counterfactual scenario, all in voice, that revealed a very likely, powerful, and important truth which cannot yet be demonstrated with evidence.

It's also interesting how it's not that difficult to simulate other people inflating a normative distortion about my facial injury. I'm constantly bathed in these normative distortions, so I can draw them from any angle, in my sleep, haha. What's hard is getting my brain into a state where I can faithfully project the confident voice that I might have naturally and unintentionally developed by now if I hadn't been continually enduring the way that other people respond to my facial injury. The nuances of voice, cognition, and identity clearly matter so much more than popular culture seems ready to acknowledge, but the piece I wrote last night drove the reality about my life home so strongly through words, alone, that it helped my subconscious get over the hump of modeling my own voice correctly, even in response to an equally correct model of a normative distortion.

We should remember about the trajectory of society that I am seriously not free to project my real emotional self in face to face situations. I don't know how many other people are being affected by this trend, or if my situation is a true edge case that would be an edge case in any human society, but it's a total lie to say that I just need to stop worrying what other people think. I'd be backed into corner and crushed within weeks if not hours if I lived my life the same way that most people reading this post are free to live their lives. We live in a violent, harsh, and vindictive society that has weak tolerance for people who, for whatever reason, fail to conform to certain normative modes of self representation. I will overcome the challenge before me because I'm lucky in a number of other ways. I wish that all human beings, every last one of us, could be so lucky as soon as possible.

[38. November 29]

REDACTED should create a feature where people can define a religious artifact that outlines and elaborates some of their core beliefs, people can associate a mascot image, which cannot be their profile picture, with their religious artifact, and people can use their mascot image as a sticker in conversation threads.

Crucially, anytime someone represents their sticker in a thread, the person who created the parent post or comment in the thread will have the option to cross multiply the commenter's mascot with their own mascot, and REDACTED will create an animated GIF in which the two mascot images rotate around a common center point. This could then become a definitive way to create mutually respectful stopping points within serious conversations.

A common usage pattern for creating one's artifact could certainly be to paste in a version of a traditional religious text such as The Quran or The Bible and then maybe use a photo of the cover of a printed version of that text as their mascot, or just stick with a default mascot that could be created from the first line of the text, kind of like the filename of an auto-saved word processing document. While there should definitely be an option to create one's artifact from plain text, it would show a lot of confidence if REDACTED also created a structured artifact editor that could improve over time. Hackathon project, anyone?

[39. Comment]

I think REDACTED's example of REDACTED telling her from a position of power, "When you say um every third word, it makes you sound stupid", sets up an opportunity to say that men who use exactly the same wording are sexist, perhaps because they didn't use the right body language and tone, which may be especially difficult for men who have lower voices. I could extrapolate the possible logical conclusions of this hypothetical a lot further, but I will digress for now.

However, the body language she used, in the video, while imitating REDACTED was very particular. She uses a specific body language pattern that I've been tracking for a while. It's kind of an, "Oaaf," with the neck bent forward. As a man, my experience is that this expression only comes out from a very deeply rooted place in the subconscious when I've been decisively crushed and forced to walk away on terms that I felt were unjust, and so it's playing with fire to even use this sarcastically. On the other hand, I've noticed a lot of women using this expression on what they clearly feel is a normative basis, it works as a kind of fully baked sarcasm, and this video is an example of how this evolution in norms has come to pass.

Interesting enough, I actually made an intentional choice a while back to not use this exact pattern when I dress up as a woman, for the purpose of representing and elaborating a comprehensive reality distortion in which I can live with the same rights as most women, legally. In general, the very essence of my cross dressing act has been to filter aggressive sarcasm from meaningful sarcasm, with regard to the structure and function of socially enforced gender norms, although I do keep all of Suzy's aggressive sarcasms in an easily accessed bunker within my brain in case she ever does a live interview with REDACTED!

In a very real and serious way, I'm probably leaving a lot of value on the table by not regularly using the full range of typically feminine traits that I could pull off, but when evidence based research into body language and the evolution of socially normal reality distortion starts to reveal the true lack of intellectual and emotional integrity that's underpinning contemporary feminist ideology, with material backing from the highest halls of power, and what not, I have no doubt that my discipline will eventually be recognized and appreciated.

[40. December 2]

I figured why not write an update for my upcoming birthday?  The transition to knowing and telling the truth about how my facial injury affects my life will probably continue for another year or two, but after that, the most likely outcome is that I'll be generating meaningful profit, once again, either as a software company founder or consultant, and that profit could also mean that I do volunteer work.  Even when I could just relax my face and give people confidence boosts without doing something for them, or maybe implicitly promising to eventually do something for them, the software I wrote was always a jolly counter example to the ever present joke not joke accusation that I'm a self centered jerk who mostly takes instead of adding value to the world.

Just like everyone else, I happen to believe very deeply that all people add value just by living, but it's like a law of nature that there will always be more and more people, robots gone rogue, and what not, who, for whatever reason, and for a limited time only, insist on operating like diseases that try to spread by latching onto humans like me and telling the lie that I'm a disease and they are the victim.  I am not a disease, I will probably continue evading all the possible diseases out there for many more joyful years and happy birthdays to come because I write software, and I hope I can help a few other people evade diseases too, just like everyone else.

With that in mind, Suzy remains one of my finest software creations, and she protects me from the toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding that continuously crop up because of my facial injury.  My facial injury is an extraordinary vulnerability that constantly threatens to enable some bully to take everything from me and leave me to rot in a cell or die alone and hungry on a street while everyone else turns away, perhaps because they believe I chose and deserved that outcome.  We all have to consider this possible outcome to some extent, and it's ok if I live my whole life without ever getting on the same page with anyone about the extent to which I have to consider this possible outcome.

It's ok because Suzy is the lie that I'm NOT extremely vulnerable to that outcome because of my facial injury, but unlike most lies, Suzy is so well crafted that I can publicly announce to all possible bullies that I'm lying about a potential weakness and source of unlimited legal risk, and yet no bully has ever succeeded at, reveled in, or even tried, as an unscrupulous presidential candidate might say, showing that they can prove when I'm being truthful, authentic, and real versus when I'm just being Suzy.  Suzy is so complex, so original, and so dynamic that she always evades detection even though she's often hovering right there in front of us all, like a mirage that charms everything it graces, and so I will continue to celebrate life while telling the lie that Suzy does not exist, but nobody will ever have to know when, how, or why.

[[East Coast Calm]]

[41. December 5]

First, I'd like to look into some odds and ends with respect to the self awareness of society and culture at large, with respect to how symbolic meanings are imparted through linguistic representations.

Second, I have a subtle facial injury that I got by accident while playing hide and seek in college 15 years ago.  My right cheekbone is slightly sunken in.  There's no physical problem, but I suspect most people subconsciously misread my emotions because the neurons in their brain misclassify the unnatural deviation of my right cheekbone as a facial expression that has something to do with anxiety, discomfort, anger, and so on.

Basically all experts and scientists think I am delusional, but it's ok because modern legal systems allow questions like this to be left ambiguous.  My beliefs about my facial injury are essentially protected as religous freedom, which is ironic because I fully expect my theory to be strongly validated by evidence based, peer reviewed science within the next few years.

And yet, I don't know what this has to do with yoga, performing irony, or exercising my freedom of speech in the home office?

[42. Comment]

The posts I'm writing on FB are very similar to when I go out into real life situations dressed as Suzy.  I'm intentionally breaking norms for the purpose of exerting leveraged resistance against the very real and frightening patterns of oppression that I'm constantly having to deal with with because of my subtle facial injury.

You might say that I'm sermonizing on social media for the same reason why a lot of missionaries sermonize within the framework of Christianity instead of, say, choosing to limit their expressions to the domain of participating in military marching bands.  Suzy is like marching band, but the text, images, and video of TheSuzy Show are actual religious artifacts that I'm using to subvert some of society's most deeply rooted social norms while also ensuring compatibility with the law, or, perhaps someday, with a hybrid model of law combined with a deeper or self styled conception of non-violence.

I suppose all performance art could be described in this way, but both the words performance and art strike me as highly misleading in the context of TheSuzy Show.  The word performance seems to imply choosing to participate in the act as an upsell on a foundation of stability, where as I have been motivated almost entirely by the effective necessity of needing to continuously and sufficiently push back against pervasive forces that are eroding my dignity, as well as my ability to assert my legal rights.

The word art implies a neutrality with respect to scientific consensus about both reality and the relation between that reality and the status quo, but my theory about my facial injury very clearly contradicts certain pervasive scientific or ideological assumptions about cognition and human nature.  A more accurate label for what I'm doing might then be, "inexorably compelled scientific research."

My situation is very grave precisely because nobody else thinks the effect is real, and so everywhere I go, in any community, everybody's human nature causes them to gradually collude to inflate reality distortions about my identity that are always based on the assumption that I'm unilaterally causing the distortion by making cognitive errors, either willfully or through mental illness.

Oddly enough, I'm actually the polar opposite of a person who is mentally ill, willfully ignorant, or aggressive.  I'm simply observing, as a scientist, how people react to my facial injury, and I'm very confident that peer reviewed, evidence based science will eventually validate my theory about people's neurons misclassifying the unnatural deviation of my cheekbone as a facial expression that inspires essentially unbounded subconscious reality distortions.  This is not even revolutionary stuff.  The result be be completely intuitive to any computer scientist who understands the fundamentals of existing machine learning algorithms.  The status quo is just too afraid to go down the path of using the language of computer science to openly describe human nature more accurately.

The progression of this particular scientific research project is best understood as an arms race, however.  Most corporations, for example, have an enormous near term financial interest in preventing the truth about my situation from being clarified, and even if all the stakeholders in society where neutral, the science itself is very difficult.  Identifying, describing, and then showing economic value by elaborating the mechanism that people use to inflate reality distortions about my identity may be equivalent to implementing strong AI, and so my approach has been to move towards reframing my non-violent resistance effort as AI research within the context of what might be called the hipster consensus about ethics and moral goodness.

As long as I can hold forth the possibility of implementing strong AI that is consistent with the truth about my facial injury, I can be completely free to tell the truth about my life, but if that never pans out, then I'm not entirely sure what will happen to me.  I can probably continue carving out islands of stability in which I am comfortable and healthy, but never quite free to be emotionally or intellectually honest about what I believe.  Doing performance art combined with music and dance that hinges, in part, on the intrigue of cross dressing could be one of those islands.

Truth be told though, someone will probably implement strong AI within the next 15 to 30 years.  The march to restructuring global military dominance around the new paradigm of wickedly intelligent drone clouds has officially begun, and performing in one of the bands, side shows, and three ring circuses that will surely accompany that march will be just one of the many exciting opportunities to participate.

[43. Comment]

I think REDACTED is making serious representations, as opposed to being a sarcastic troll.  What I seriously believe, for example, is that social norms allow women to be aggressive while simultaneously blocking men from responding in kind, and in aggregate, that practical reality is causing an erosion of equal protection under the law for men.  The vast majority of women are actually being very kind and merciful by not ruthlessly and systematically exploiting this loophole, in the way that a much greater proportion of men probably would, sigh.

REDACTED's appeal is based on the very real fear and poorly managed anger that many mostly white men have with regard to the emergence of this legal wratchet that can and will be increasingly used to arbitrarily bully them until something changes within the status quo.  Unfortunately, REDACTED is pushing back on this legal irregularity by inflating new iterations of pre-existing toxic reality distortions about race that are much easier for essentially all people to comprehend than a more accurate and meaningful story about what's really driving the wave discontent.

If even you know that racist statements are blatant, evil lies, such statements are still really easy to comprehend as bad fiction.  Concepts like disparate impact, making interpertive analogies to the RICO laws, and debating the nuances of the high dimentional space of grey area that exists between free speech and violations of intellectual property law, and so on, are much more difficult, even for so called sophisticated people to process, emotionally.

[44. Comment]

I do have the unsubstantiated opinion that my facial injury causes basically everyone's mind to start inflating a reality distortion about my identity, and there is almost no limit to how crazy those distortions can get because the theory that most people go down the path of inflating comprehensive reality distortions about my identity because they are continuously and also subconsciously perceiving the bone structure of my face to be a facial expression is effectively impossible to believe in the eyes of the court of public opinion.

Said distortions can be problematic, but, in theory, they could also expand into groups of massive, publicly traded corporations!

A good rule of thumb is that the more confident someone is that my facial injury has no effect on them, the more confident I can and will be that it's the other way, and moreover, in face to face interactions I have an extraordinary information advantage because I can use my memories of private information that might be illegal for a corporation to store for the purpose of mapping out the patterns other people are falling into across from me, especially at the microexpression level.

Just like everyone else, Suzy can track and potentially exploit things like skew between people's words and their body language with devastating precision, and it's only going to be a matter of time before I can write computer software that performs the same operations, in the context of informed consent only, of course.

Note that I think some other research groups may have written software like this, but I've avoided looking at the details of that kind of work, for no reason in particular, but also because I expect to have plenty of time to look into potentially related work like that soon enough.

Most people probably assume I have some kind of social anxiety disorder, but the longer someone interacts with me, especially now that I'm no longer doing a subconsciously driven performance of such anxiety, other people's brains have to keep adding layers to their imaginary narratives about me in order to stay grounded in some alternative explanation of all the stuff that I do.

Now that I'm wise to what's happening, it's actually pretty funny to watch how everyone around me always goes crazy because of my facial injury, but only because Suzy is a sufficient solution for stabilizing that situation.  As random as this may sound, as long as I pretend to be a woman, I can contain other people's subconscious reality distortions within the frame that I'm an effeminate man, but if I break character in a way that materially reveals my real emotional self, which is predominately masculine, it's really scary how fast other people's reality distortions become toxic.

I've tried hundreds of experiments with creating a sustainable but also masculine version of Suzy, and I've never been able to do it.  My real emotional self and all of my ostensibly more normal masculine characters always get decisively crushed, and this soul crushing dynamic is winding up faster and faster now that I'm getting older.  We're talking minutes, hours, days, weeks, or months at best before total breakdowns of trust come to pass within any community that I join, unless, of course, I use a female character like Suzy to stabilize the situation.

What does work, however, is to frame myself as Suzy pretending to be a man.  It's taken me about six months to master Suzy's imitation of masculinity, but I've got it on autopilot now, and I have enough endurance to do it all the time.  I could easily perform this act at all times within full time employment context, for example.

The team bonding offsite stuff would be the most challenging, but at this point, I think even that aspect of full time work would be easy enough to navigate, in part because I have sophisticated methods for rotating in emotionally authentic masculine traits, including the full range of aggressive traits that might be all but necessary in sporting contexts.  Because Suzy pretending to be an average guy literally blows up yoga classes like a BFF blowing up ur phone, but non-violently, of course.

What I'm doing as of right now is kind of awesome, but I might still encounter extreme troubles in homophobic contexts where rule of law is weak or unevenly enforced, and the main difference between me and a version of me who is gay is that I'm not actually more than at most 5% homosexual, or otherwise naturally effeminate, and so the process that I may or may not have to go through in the future in order to garner empathy, political support, and equal protection under the law within cosmopolitan regions for the secondary purpose of protecting and distancing myself from exposure to risk factors that stem from homophobic regions is very different than the process that I might want to use if I was mostly attracted to guys, sexually.

It's really easy, for example, to frame me as pretending to be gay because I'm an evil closet homophobe, especially in a competitive, fast paced employment contexts, and while most people won't do that, there usually is someone who will, and let's just say that I've not had good experiences talking to HR professionals about this kind of thing, and so the solution I'm overwhelmingly leaning towards is to just do all that I can do to make sure Suzy is sophisticated enough to unilaterally defend or at least limit the losses of any and all forms of social and monetary capital associated with my legal identity.

In cosmopolitan regions, I'm still kind of engaged in total spectrum, scorched earth non-violent resistance against corporate risk management types.  There may or may not be any trust between me and that special interest group except that we will not use violence and we probably won't go out of our ways to elaborate the law in rigorously truth seeking ways either, but maybe only because I might be living my life in a way where basically nobody can actually get much leverage, benefit, or pleasure from trying to sue me.

Modern legal systems and their various alliances with the global banking system, and what not, are surprisingly effective with regard to the higher ideal of protecting otherwise weak and ineffectual individuals like me from bullies who seemingly control at least certain minimal amounts of expendable cash flow!

However, in more homophobic regions, including those in the USA, I am concerned that the security situation on the ground is rapidly deteriorating for me, for example, even if I take maximal precautions, such as dressing like an average guy and driving a beat up old cargo van instead of dressing up as a blonde diva and renting a fancy sport utility vehicle.

Suzy, or just me being masculine in various unsustainable ways, can actually bluff really well in homophobic regions, but I'm not sure I could keep the bluff going more than a few days in such contexts without getting exposed to unacceptable risk that someone might use violence in an attempt to force me to stop representing Suzy, and the outcome of that would probably only make the situation worse because whatever reality distortion violent people would inflate across from my facial injury would surely be even more problematic than Suzy could ever be.

The good thing about corporate risk management types is that, for now, they are really consistent about not using violence.  They are also notably opportunistic, idealistic, and maybe even open minded, so as long as Suzy can help them make money, corporations, as a group, appear to be chill about maybe doing software engineering related business deals with me on a contract basis, if nothing else, even if they know full well that Suzy might be at odds with their existing, normal not normal, and super morally righteous risk management practices.

Overall though, I understand and accept that most people will continue to behave as though it is implicitly illegal or at least crazy to go down the path of believing that they subconsciously misread my emotions and develop false beliefs about both my identity and about reality as a whole because of my facial injury, but in the eyes of the actual law, I think having faith that science might eventually confirm my theory about my facial injury is probably, ironically, protected in roughly the same way as seriously believing in the occurrence of the supernatural events described vis-a-vis religious texts such as you know what.

[44. Comment]

I can't decide if REDACTED's next move will be to attack another group like all Russians or if he will be hip enough to do something more transformational like coming out against social media by framing himself as the defender of traditional religion in general and social media as unprincipled and centralized mind control. If he does that, the mainstream response will probably be to amplify the framing of REDACTED as a racist demagogue to amazing new depths, but if he can evade that frame, he might be able to stay in the very dangerous and potentially toxic game he is playing for a while longer. Another key variable is if he can evade getting brought down swiftly by the courts. But seriously, all curiosity aside, he crossed the line too many times. I believe REDACTED has become officially and problematically risky and unknowable.

[45. December 10]

There is almost nothing I don't like about this post about REDACTED open sourcing its innovations in AI hardware technology. This is still a little bit like the problem where if you go make a bunch of money in a questionable industry and then give away half or more of the expendable income portion of that money to unquestionably good charities, could that still be evil not evil? I'll keep that question in the back of my mind, but asking this question in this context is so obviously not a priority for me. I mostly just want to raise awareness about this cool post that REDACTED put out!

[46. December 15]

FYI, WhatLooks will not have user accounts, but it will otherwise be the same as described in the article that I published on September 8th.  WhatLooks users will have to run the software on their own server.  This approach ensures that every user will take responsibility for the content they are hosting, and they will also have complete freedom to introspect their content at the data base level.

This approach will greatly restrict the target audience of WhatLooks, at least at first, but I'd like to see WhatLooks's initial users be tech savy people who are interested in aritifial intelligence anyway.  This fully distributed approach to WhatLooks can still replace social media as we know it if the off the shelf tools for sending and processing notifications from other WhatLooks instances get really mature and well designed.

[[Perfect Storm]]

This finale is the perfect storm within TheSuzy.com Show.

[Suzy] Hey everyone, I'm Suzy, and this person to my right is called Auth.

[Auth] That's right, and the reason why I'm not using my real name is because.

[Suzy] My real name is Suzy!

[Auth] No, that's not true.  She is not a serious person.

[Suzy] Well at least I'm using my real name online.  Maybe you're the one who is not serious?

[Auth] That was aggressive up talk.  Don't be aggressive, Suzy.

[Suzy] What do you mean by aggressive?  I think you're condescending command was aggressive.

[Auth] I was joking, therefore I was not being aggressive.

[Suzy] (SNAPS FINGERS) Anyway, unlike some of the other content of TheSuzy Show, we want this perfect storm to feel as much like a real conversation as possible, but we also have an obligation to our sponsors to provide a summary of the show.

[Auth] Yeah, so to paraphrase the summary text, TheSuzy Show is my hot mess tempertantrum about the effects of my subtle facial injury.

[Suzy] Are you being serious right now?

[Auth] Yes.  People subconsciously percieve my facial injury as a negative facial expression and this effect is ruining my life.

[Suzy] Isn't that a little overstated?

[Auth] No, it's understated.  My situation is really toxic and negative and serious.  I only seem stable and functional because I'm doing a great job managing the downside risks that are caused by my facial injury.

[Suzy] You mean, we are doing a good job managing the risks.

[Auth] Yes, Suzy, we are doing a good job managing the legal risk that's associated with the toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding that are constantly cropping up because of my facial injury.

[Suzy] And TheSuzy.com Show is a central component of our risk management methodology.

[Auth] But that doesn't mean TheSuzy Show has to be all downside.  The Show will be useful as a data point for people who are researching interpersonal communication, legal theory, the evolution of culture, and of course, artificial intelligence.

[Suzy] In other words, the only realistic way to overcome the effects of Auth's facial injury was to develop a parody act that allows us to split the difference between deferring to whatever false narratives people tell about our identity and then sterilizing said false narratives by making satirical references to the symbolic etymology of any and all of the nonsense that other people pitch at us.

[Auth] And in order to do this, we had to develop an overarching framework for deriving and constructing satirical references that are always transformative and never merely derivative, and now that we have accomplished that goal, we suspect the human subconscious uses a similar approach and/or algorithm in order to provide us with the illusion of consciousness.

[Suzy] Our satirical risk managment framework methodology begins with the seven core episodes of TheSuzy Show that were released as an ebook in June 2014.

[Auth] TheSuzy Show then spirals out of control into a prequel, a sequel, a preface, and an outline.  We also wrote another hundred thousand words of journal entries about how our perspective continued to evolve after releasing that initial piece of work, and those journal entries have been sliced and diced into books two through six, because The Show grew into a comprehensive reality distortion framework, but now it is done evolving.

[Suzy] Are you sure the boundries of the distortion have stopped evolving?

[Auth] Yes, the content side of TheSuzy Show is complete.  All we have left to do now is write computer software that brings the content to life.

[Suzy] Got it.  So another feature of the content side of The Show, as you call it, is that you can invert the genders of all the characters, and the text still makes sense.

[Auth] Yes, there are 54 characters in this show, and these characters correspond to a deck of playing cards that has two jokers.

[Suzy] Which characters correspond to the jokers who sit at the top of the deck of cards?

[Auth] Suzy and The Robot are the jokers.

[Suzy] Are you the Robot?

[Auth] No.  You are the Robot, and I am Suzy.

[Suzy] I'm so confused.

[Auth] It's ok to be confused, because if we invert the gender of all the characters then, we get to be on top of another deck of characters.  That's a grand total of 108 distinct characters that I play for the purpose of mitigating the negative effects of my facial injury in social situations.

[Suzy] Honestly, Auth, if you hadn't mentioned it to me, I never would have even noticed our facial injury.  I don't see why your facial injury is a big deal to you.  Why can't you just project confidence like I do and pretend your injury doesn't matter?

[Auth] My facial injury causes toxic feedback loops of misunderstanding that materially affect all of my face to face interactions with sighted people.  I have no choice but to deal with the problem directly and continuously.

[Suzy] You're being oversensitive.  If you stop thinking so much about yourself, you'll feel much better about your life before you even know it.

[Auth] That's a blatant, vicious lie about my identity.  I think you're still within your rights to free speech right now, but I will not go along with your lies.

[Suzy] I'm just going to stop taking you seriously.  Deal?

[Auth] No deal.  This is serious.  This is non-violent war.  You have no idea how deep this goes.

[Suzy] Pffft.

[Auth] This is real Suzy.  We've putting the pieces into motion now.  Either get in or get out.

[Suzy] The problem with your facial injury is clearly a self inflected wound.  It's a self fulfilling prophecy.  It's all in your head.  You're blowing this situation way out of proportion.  You're making a mountain out of a molehill.

[Auth] That's not true.

[Suzy] Yes it is.

[Auth] No it's not.

[Suzy] Oh my god, you're position is so weak.

[Auth] No, no, no, no.

[Suzy] Ok, fine, maybe your kind of facial injury affects men differently than it affects women.

[Auth] You can't say that.  If I was working at a corporation and said that, anyone who doesn't like me can report me to HR for creating a hostile work environment.

[Suzy] Why? Because it's sexist?

[Auth] I have no obligation to answer that question.

[Suzy] Are you sexist?

[Auth] That's a ridiculous question.  I will not answer that.

[Suzy] It's a simple question, doll.  When did you become a sexist?

[Auth] I vigorously deny your assertion that I'm a sexist.

[Suzy] So then you are not a sexist.

[Auth] Those are your words, not mine.

[Suzy] Oh, ok, so you want to leave it ambiguous whether or not you are a sexist.  Is that right?

[Auth] I have no comment.

[Suzy] Come on, I'm throwing you a softball.  Just say yes.

[Auth] The art of leaving stuff ambiguous is cyclical.

[Suzy] Hah, hah, hah.  Do you like my fake laugh, Auth?  I've been practicing it all week just for you.

[Auth] I think you're being aggressive again, Suzy.  I thought we agreed that you will never be aggressive.

[Suzy] We're just going to pretend everything I say is a joke and that will pave the way for you, Auth, to become a (SOUTHERN) bonafide human resources professional at one of the bigger corporations here on the planet called earth. (CLAPS THRICE)

[Auth] Suzy, just stop talking.  Stop talking.

[Suzy] I won't stop, because you need me, Auth.  We can pretend it's not true, but you don't have equal protection under the law without me.

[Auth] Which law are you talking about?

[Suzy] All of them, babe!

[Auth] I mean, which legal jurisdiction?

[Suzy] I don't know, the one that covers fantasy worlds in which you can talk to your self on home video recorder!

[Auth] God help me.  Suzy's gone crazy.

[Suzy] Just watch TheSuzy Show and you'll be fine.  Go watch TheSuzy Show.  Go watch TheSuzy Show!

[Auth] Yes mam! (PRAYING)
